event: Chad looked for his baseball cap starts after he got off the ride story: Chad had gone to an amusement park. He was riding on the roller coaster. Chad was wearing a baseball cap. The baseball cap fell off of Chad's head. Chad found the cap after he got off of the ride.	answer: positive
event: Chad looked for his baseball cap starts before he got off the ride story: Chad had gone to an amusement park. He was riding on the roller coaster. Chad was wearing a baseball cap. The baseball cap fell off of Chad's head. Chad found the cap after he got off of the ride.	answer: negative
event: Tom's friend says he is not gay  starts after One day he noticed someone else asking story: Tom thought his new friend was gay. He never directly asked. One day he noticed someone else asking. Tom's friend wasn't actually gay. Tom felt relieved that he never brought it up.	answer: positive
event: Tom's friend says he is not gay  starts before One day he noticed someone else asking story: Tom thought his new friend was gay. He never directly asked. One day he noticed someone else asking. Tom's friend wasn't actually gay. Tom felt relieved that he never brought it up.	answer: negative
event: Tom is heterosexual starts before Tom 's friend be n't actually gay story: Tom thought his new friend was gay. He never directly asked. One day he noticed someone else asking. Tom's friend wasn't actually gay. Tom felt relieved that he never brought it up.	answer: positive
event: Tom is heterosexual starts after Tom 's friend be n't actually gay story: Tom thought his new friend was gay. He never directly asked. One day he noticed someone else asking. Tom's friend wasn't actually gay. Tom felt relieved that he never brought it up.	answer: negative
event: Liza read a book on economics in the library starts after she got to the library story: Liza was a star student in her high school. She walked home from the library one evening. A man pulled her into the alley and started groping her. Liza pulled out her pepper spray but it malfunctioned. Some students noticed the attacker and he fled.	answer: positive
event: Liza read a book on economics in the library starts before she got to the library story: Liza was a star student in her high school. She walked home from the library one evening. A man pulled her into the alley and started groping her. Liza pulled out her pepper spray but it malfunctioned. Some students noticed the attacker and he fled.	answer: negative
event: Ash went to the board shop starts before he bought the perfect board story: "Ash, a middle school kid, really wanted a new skateboard." He decided to start mowing lawns in the neighborhood for cash. By the end of the summer he had saved up quite a bit. Ash went and bought the perfect board. Ash felt good about what he had accomplished.	answer: positive
event: Ash went to the board shop starts after he bought the perfect board story: "Ash, a middle school kid, really wanted a new skateboard." He decided to start mowing lawns in the neighborhood for cash. By the end of the summer he had saved up quite a bit. Ash went and bought the perfect board. Ash felt good about what he had accomplished.	answer: negative
event: Tim paid the dentist. starts after his rotten tooth was pulled story: Tim's tooth was hurting like crazy. He could barely eat or drink. His dentist took a look around in his mouth. One of his teeth was rotten. "Once the tooth was pulled, Tim felt fine."	answer: positive
event: Tim paid the dentist. starts before his rotten tooth was pulled story: Tim's tooth was hurting like crazy. He could barely eat or drink. His dentist took a look around in his mouth. One of his teeth was rotten. "Once the tooth was pulled, Tim felt fine."	answer: negative
event: The doctor examined Ryan's toe starts before he told Ryan his toe was infected story: Ryan woke up one morning with a swollen foot. His mom took him to the doctor to see what was wrong. The doctor told him it looked like his toe was infected. They had to do surgery on it. Ryan felt better the next morning.	answer: positive
event: The doctor examined Ryan's toe starts after he told Ryan his toe was infected story: Ryan woke up one morning with a swollen foot. His mom took him to the doctor to see what was wrong. The doctor told him it looked like his toe was infected. They had to do surgery on it. Ryan felt better the next morning.	answer: negative
event: He was angry. starts after the battery exploded and caused a small fire story: Sam bought a new phone. He left it charging overnight. The battery exploded and caused a small fire. Sam sued the company and had his things replaced. "He got a different kind of phone, though."	answer: positive
event: He was angry. starts before the battery exploded and caused a small fire story: Sam bought a new phone. He left it charging overnight. The battery exploded and caused a small fire. Sam sued the company and had his things replaced. "He got a different kind of phone, though."	answer: negative
event: Test was being a good friend starts before He give her a really nice necklace story: Tara always wanted jewelry. Her birthday was coming up. Test went to the store. He gave her a really nice necklace She adored him for the gift.	answer: positive
event: Test was being a good friend starts after He give her a really nice necklace story: Tara always wanted jewelry. Her birthday was coming up. Test went to the store. He gave her a really nice necklace She adored him for the gift.	answer: negative
event: He was alive. starts after The moose start walking towards him story: Fred went on a hike by himself. "Halfway through the hike, he saw a moose." The moose started walking towards him. "Terrified, Fred sprinted back." He decided he was too scared to go back into the woods.	answer: positive
event: He was alive. starts before The moose start walking towards him story: Fred went on a hike by himself. "Halfway through the hike, he saw a moose." The moose started walking towards him. "Terrified, Fred sprinted back." He decided he was too scared to go back into the woods.	answer: negative
event: Joshua felt very stressed about this situation. starts after he couldn't afford his textbooks story: Joshua couldn't afford the assigned textbooks. His college textbooks were going to cost over 500 dollars. He knew that a similar amount would be expected in future quarters. Joshua had to decide between stealing them and switching majors. Joshua made the choice that felt right and just.	answer: positive
event: Joshua felt very stressed about this situation. starts before he couldn't afford his textbooks story: Joshua couldn't afford the assigned textbooks. His college textbooks were going to cost over 500 dollars. He knew that a similar amount would be expected in future quarters. Joshua had to decide between stealing them and switching majors. Joshua made the choice that felt right and just.	answer: negative
event: Tiffani went the junior high school building starts before They all loosen story: Tiffani was starting school. It was her first day of junior high. She was very nervous about how she would fit in. All of the kids were also nervous. They all loosened up as the day went on.	answer: positive
event: Tiffani went the junior high school building starts after They all loosen story: Tiffani was starting school. It was her first day of junior high. She was very nervous about how she would fit in. All of the kids were also nervous. They all loosened up as the day went on.	answer: negative
event: Joshua is a college student. starts before Joshua had decide between stealing them and switching majors story: Joshua couldn't afford the assigned textbooks. His college textbooks were going to cost over 500 dollars. He knew that a similar amount would be expected in future quarters. Joshua had to decide between stealing them and switching majors. Joshua made the choice that felt right and just.	answer: positive
event: Joshua is a college student. starts after Joshua had decide between stealing them and switching majors story: Joshua couldn't afford the assigned textbooks. His college textbooks were going to cost over 500 dollars. He knew that a similar amount would be expected in future quarters. Joshua had to decide between stealing them and switching majors. Joshua made the choice that felt right and just.	answer: negative
event: I got married starts before My daughter like to work out with me story: My daughter likes to work out with me when I do exercises. After I do an exercise she will try to mimic it. When I do military presses with dumbbells she also tries. But she cannot even lift them off the floor. This always makes me feel very strong for some reason.	answer: positive
event: I got married starts after My daughter like to work out with me story: My daughter likes to work out with me when I do exercises. After I do an exercise she will try to mimic it. When I do military presses with dumbbells she also tries. But she cannot even lift them off the floor. This always makes me feel very strong for some reason.	answer: negative
event: Dakota discussed education with the career counselor.   starts after he visited the career counselor story: Dakota finished his job at a summer camp. He had really enjoyed working with children. He realized he might want to work with children as a profession. When he returned to college he visited a career counselor. Dakota switched his major to Elementary Education.	answer: positive
event: Dakota discussed education with the career counselor.   starts before he visited the career counselor story: Dakota finished his job at a summer camp. He had really enjoyed working with children. He realized he might want to work with children as a profession. When he returned to college he visited a career counselor. Dakota switched his major to Elementary Education.	answer: negative
event: Amy is alive starts before She apply for custody of her son story: Amy went on a road trip to Georgia. She was going to apply for custody of her son. "She arrived in Atlanta, and hurried to the courthouse." She testified that her ex-husband wasn't fit to be a father. The judge granted Amy custody of her son.	answer: positive
event: Amy is alive starts after She apply for custody of her son story: Amy went on a road trip to Georgia. She was going to apply for custody of her son. "She arrived in Atlanta, and hurried to the courthouse." She testified that her ex-husband wasn't fit to be a father. The judge granted Amy custody of her son.	answer: negative
event: Gemma is happy with the stray she adopted starts after finding the stray on her way home story: The doctor diagnosed Gemma with GAD. Her panic attacks made her life difficult. She went to the ASPCA to get a pet. "After not finding any suitable pets, she walked home." "On her way home, she found an adorable stray and adopted it."	answer: positive
event: Gemma is happy with the stray she adopted starts before finding the stray on her way home story: The doctor diagnosed Gemma with GAD. Her panic attacks made her life difficult. She went to the ASPCA to get a pet. "After not finding any suitable pets, she walked home." "On her way home, she found an adorable stray and adopted it."	answer: negative
event: her friends discussed who could be her date starts after her friends started trying to find her a date story: Josie couldn't find a date for prom. All her friends were going. Her friends started trying to find her a date. "In the end, her friends decided they didn't want dates either." They all went together in a group!	answer: positive
event: her friends discussed who could be her date starts before her friends started trying to find her a date story: Josie couldn't find a date for prom. All her friends were going. Her friends started trying to find her a date. "In the end, her friends decided they didn't want dates either." They all went together in a group!	answer: negative
event: Tim scheduled an appointment with his dentist. starts after his tooth was hurting like crazy story: Tim's tooth was hurting like crazy. He could barely eat or drink. His dentist took a look around in his mouth. One of his teeth was rotten. "Once the tooth was pulled, Tim felt fine."	answer: positive
event: Tim scheduled an appointment with his dentist. starts before his tooth was hurting like crazy story: Tim's tooth was hurting like crazy. He could barely eat or drink. His dentist took a look around in his mouth. One of his teeth was rotten. "Once the tooth was pulled, Tim felt fine."	answer: negative
event: Jenna and her friends performed the dance routine starts after they put together a dance routine. story: Jenna was out with friends on the last day of summer. They saw a talent competition in the park. They decided to enter. They put together a dance routine. They didn't win but it was a fun way to spend their last day.	answer: positive
event: Jenna and her friends performed the dance routine starts before they put together a dance routine. story: Jenna was out with friends on the last day of summer. They saw a talent competition in the park. They decided to enter. They put together a dance routine. They didn't win but it was a fun way to spend their last day.	answer: negative
event: Rob could not afford the alcohol starts before he decide to rob a grocery store story: Roger is an alcoholic. He lives on the streets. One day he decided to rob a grocery store. He was caught taking beer. Roger is serving time in jail.	answer: positive
event: Rob could not afford the alcohol starts after he decide to rob a grocery store story: Roger is an alcoholic. He lives on the streets. One day he decided to rob a grocery store. He was caught taking beer. Roger is serving time in jail.	answer: negative
event: Joe stepped out of his cruiser. starts after Joe responded to the scene story: Joe was a police officer. Joe was patrolling the streets of the city in his cruiser. "Suddenly, Joe was alerted to a crime happening near him by dispatch." Joe responded to the scene and found a bank robber fleeing on foot. Joe arrested the criminal and was promoted.	answer: positive
event: Joe stepped out of his cruiser. starts before Joe responded to the scene story: Joe was a police officer. Joe was patrolling the streets of the city in his cruiser. "Suddenly, Joe was alerted to a crime happening near him by dispatch." Joe responded to the scene and found a bank robber fleeing on foot. Joe arrested the criminal and was promoted.	answer: negative
event: Nora had an appointment with the doctor. starts before She go back to the office to retrieve her book story: Nora was reading a book. She brought the book with her to the doctor's office. Nora forgot the book at the doctor's office. Nora realized she forgot the book. She went back to the office to retrieve her book.	answer: positive
event: Nora had an appointment with the doctor. starts after She go back to the office to retrieve her book story: Nora was reading a book. She brought the book with her to the doctor's office. Nora forgot the book at the doctor's office. Nora realized she forgot the book. She went back to the office to retrieve her book.	answer: negative
event: Jeremy put batteries in his boombox starts before teachers got security story: Jeremy brought his boombox to school. Everyone was very confused. He started playing it very loud. Teachers got angry and got security. They gave him suspension.	answer: positive
event: Jeremy put batteries in his boombox starts after teachers got security story: Jeremy brought his boombox to school. Everyone was very confused. He started playing it very loud. Teachers got angry and got security. They gave him suspension.	answer: negative
event: Joshua is struggling financially. starts before he couldn't afford his textbooks story: Joshua couldn't afford the assigned textbooks. His college textbooks were going to cost over 500 dollars. He knew that a similar amount would be expected in future quarters. Joshua had to decide between stealing them and switching majors. Joshua made the choice that felt right and just.	answer: positive
event: Joshua is struggling financially. starts after he couldn't afford his textbooks story: Joshua couldn't afford the assigned textbooks. His college textbooks were going to cost over 500 dollars. He knew that a similar amount would be expected in future quarters. Joshua had to decide between stealing them and switching majors. Joshua made the choice that felt right and just.	answer: negative
event: Connie feels regretted. starts after she gets caught and is expelled from university. story: Connie has not studied for her exams. In a panic she sits near the smartest girl in glass. As the exam is handed out she slowly works through her exam. She's copying the girl next to her. Connie gets caught and is expelled from university.	answer: positive
event: Connie feels regretted. starts before she gets caught and is expelled from university. story: Connie has not studied for her exams. In a panic she sits near the smartest girl in glass. As the exam is handed out she slowly works through her exam. She's copying the girl next to her. Connie gets caught and is expelled from university.	answer: negative
event: Stanton was scoring runs again starts after He ask his hitting coach for help story: Stanton had been hitting home runs all of his career. Suddenly Stanton could no longer hit home runs. He asked his hitting coach for help. Stanton put an a lot of extra hours with his hitting coach. Stanton started hitting home runs again!	answer: positive
event: Stanton was scoring runs again starts before He ask his hitting coach for help story: Stanton had been hitting home runs all of his career. Suddenly Stanton could no longer hit home runs. He asked his hitting coach for help. Stanton put an a lot of extra hours with his hitting coach. Stanton started hitting home runs again!	answer: negative
event: the adults laughed at the jokes starts after we were all watching spongebob story: We were all watching Spongebob as a family. It is a kid's show but all really enjoyed it. This one episode was especially funny for the adults. It has humor in it that is funny for kids and adults. It is something we can all watch and enjoy as a family.	answer: positive
event: the adults laughed at the jokes starts before we were all watching spongebob story: We were all watching Spongebob as a family. It is a kid's show but all really enjoyed it. This one episode was especially funny for the adults. It has humor in it that is funny for kids and adults. It is something we can all watch and enjoy as a family.	answer: negative
event: The friend spent time in jail. starts after the friend was arrested on a warrant. story: My friend was arrested on a warrant. He gave the officer a false name. The guy who the warrant was for had only one arm. At the jail they realized he has both his arms. He was cited for providing false information to an officer.	answer: positive
event: The friend spent time in jail. starts before the friend was arrested on a warrant. story: My friend was arrested on a warrant. He gave the officer a false name. The guy who the warrant was for had only one arm. At the jail they realized he has both his arms. He was cited for providing false information to an officer.	answer: negative
event: Joshua had to weigh his morals versus his desires. starts after he had to decide between stealing them and switching his major story: Joshua couldn't afford the assigned textbooks. His college textbooks were going to cost over 500 dollars. He knew that a similar amount would be expected in future quarters. Joshua had to decide between stealing them and switching majors. Joshua made the choice that felt right and just.	answer: positive
event: Joshua had to weigh his morals versus his desires. starts before he had to decide between stealing them and switching his major story: Joshua couldn't afford the assigned textbooks. His college textbooks were going to cost over 500 dollars. He knew that a similar amount would be expected in future quarters. Joshua had to decide between stealing them and switching majors. Joshua made the choice that felt right and just.	answer: negative
event: Mike was hungry. starts before So he tell the waiter about it story: Mike was at a burger restaurant. And he ordered a cheeseburger and a milkshake. But he noticed that there was hair in his burger. So he told the waiter about it. Mike wasn't given a new burger and he left.	answer: positive
event: Mike was hungry. starts after So he tell the waiter about it story: Mike was at a burger restaurant. And he ordered a cheeseburger and a milkshake. But he noticed that there was hair in his burger. So he told the waiter about it. Mike wasn't given a new burger and he left.	answer: negative
event: Dina wanted to buy a car. starts before So Dina go to the dealership story: Dina found an ad on the news for a cheap car. So Dina went to the dealership. She soon found out that the it was deceptive. The dealer only gave cheap cars for people with perfect credit. So Dina ditched the dealership.	answer: positive
event: Dina wanted to buy a car. starts after So Dina go to the dealership story: Dina found an ad on the news for a cheap car. So Dina went to the dealership. She soon found out that the it was deceptive. The dealer only gave cheap cars for people with perfect credit. So Dina ditched the dealership.	answer: negative
event: Tom can afford braces starts before he felt it was worth it story: Tom needed to get braces. He was afraid of them. The dentist assured him everything would be fine. Tom had them on for a while. Once removed he felt it was worth it.	answer: positive
event: Tom can afford braces starts after he felt it was worth it story: Tom needed to get braces. He was afraid of them. The dentist assured him everything would be fine. Tom had them on for a while. Once removed he felt it was worth it.	answer: negative
event: The ice cream shop needed to order more strawberry ice cream starts before Mickey be less than satisfied with his ice cream story: Mickey wanted strawberry ice cream. The ice cream shop was out of strawberry ice cream. Mickey had to choose between chocolate and vanilla. He decided on chocolate. Mickey was less than satisfied with his ice cream.	answer: positive
event: The ice cream shop needed to order more strawberry ice cream starts after Mickey be less than satisfied with his ice cream story: Mickey wanted strawberry ice cream. The ice cream shop was out of strawberry ice cream. Mickey had to choose between chocolate and vanilla. He decided on chocolate. Mickey was less than satisfied with his ice cream.	answer: negative
event: Jeb came to Michael's house starts after Michael called him story: Michael bought a computer. He turned it on. He could not figure out how to use it. He called his friend Jeb. Jeb showed him how to use it and he had fun!	answer: positive
event: Jeb came to Michael's house starts before Michael called him story: Michael bought a computer. He turned it on. He could not figure out how to use it. He called his friend Jeb. Jeb showed him how to use it and he had fun!	answer: negative
event: Joe recited the Miranda rights to the criminal. starts after Joe find a bank robber fleeing on foot story: Joe was a police officer. Joe was patrolling the streets of the city in his cruiser. "Suddenly, Joe was alerted to a crime happening near him by dispatch." Joe responded to the scene and found a bank robber fleeing on foot. Joe arrested the criminal and was promoted.	answer: positive
event: Joe recited the Miranda rights to the criminal. starts before Joe find a bank robber fleeing on foot story: Joe was a police officer. Joe was patrolling the streets of the city in his cruiser. "Suddenly, Joe was alerted to a crime happening near him by dispatch." Joe responded to the scene and found a bank robber fleeing on foot. Joe arrested the criminal and was promoted.	answer: negative
event: Ryan was sedated starts before Ryan felt better story: Ryan woke up one morning with a swollen foot. His mom took him to the doctor to see what was wrong. The doctor told him it looked like his toe was infected. They had to do surgery on it. Ryan felt better the next morning.	answer: positive
event: Ryan was sedated starts after Ryan felt better story: Ryan woke up one morning with a swollen foot. His mom took him to the doctor to see what was wrong. The doctor told him it looked like his toe was infected. They had to do surgery on it. Ryan felt better the next morning.	answer: negative
event: I am alive. starts before I be downstairs story: "My son, Sam, was upstairs making all types of racket." I was downstairs when I saw Sam jump off the balcony. I ran towards him and caught my beloved child in mid-air. I asked him why on earth would he jump off the balcony. Sam said that I'm always saying I would never let him fall.	answer: positive
event: I am alive. starts after I be downstairs story: "My son, Sam, was upstairs making all types of racket." I was downstairs when I saw Sam jump off the balcony. I ran towards him and caught my beloved child in mid-air. I asked him why on earth would he jump off the balcony. Sam said that I'm always saying I would never let him fall.	answer: negative
event: Teddy wants to reconnect with his son. starts after the two had drifted apart story: Teddy wants to do something special with his son. The two had drifted apart lately. Teddy decided he would take him fishing. The two headed for the lake. Teddy and his son bonded and had a great fishing trip.	answer: positive
event: Teddy wants to reconnect with his son. starts before the two had drifted apart story: Teddy wants to do something special with his son. The two had drifted apart lately. Teddy decided he would take him fishing. The two headed for the lake. Teddy and his son bonded and had a great fishing trip.	answer: negative
event: Bob failed to wake up. starts after He decide to use the batteries in his fire detector story: Bob needed batteries for his flashlight. He decided to use the batteries in his fire detector. He decided to take a nap after putting the batteries in. Unfortunately, the gas light in his attic ignited. Without a fire detector, the house burned down and Bob burned with it.	answer: positive
event: Bob failed to wake up. starts before He decide to use the batteries in his fire detector story: Bob needed batteries for his flashlight. He decided to use the batteries in his fire detector. He decided to take a nap after putting the batteries in. Unfortunately, the gas light in his attic ignited. Without a fire detector, the house burned down and Bob burned with it.	answer: negative
event: Joe and Fred are friends. starts before Only a doctor at the hospital could safely remove the fish head story: Joe and Fred like to scuba dive in Puget Sound. One time they found a big wolf eel underwater. The fish sunk his teeth deeply into Joe's scalp. Fred cut of the head of the fish while it was still attached to Joe. Only a doctor at the hospital could safely remove the fish head.	answer: positive
event: Joe and Fred are friends. starts after Only a doctor at the hospital could safely remove the fish head story: Joe and Fred like to scuba dive in Puget Sound. One time they found a big wolf eel underwater. The fish sunk his teeth deeply into Joe's scalp. Fred cut of the head of the fish while it was still attached to Joe. Only a doctor at the hospital could safely remove the fish head.	answer: negative
event: Joshua felt discouraged. starts after he knew that a similar amount would be expected in future quarters story: Joshua couldn't afford the assigned textbooks. His college textbooks were going to cost over 500 dollars. He knew that a similar amount would be expected in future quarters. Joshua had to decide between stealing them and switching majors. Joshua made the choice that felt right and just.	answer: positive
event: Joshua felt discouraged. starts before he knew that a similar amount would be expected in future quarters story: Joshua couldn't afford the assigned textbooks. His college textbooks were going to cost over 500 dollars. He knew that a similar amount would be expected in future quarters. Joshua had to decide between stealing them and switching majors. Joshua made the choice that felt right and just.	answer: negative
event: Erin examined the antique watch. starts after he found the watch story: Erin was cleaning out his basement one morning. "While he was cleaning it, he found an old antique watch." He searched on the internet to see what type of watch it was. He realized that it was a watch from the 1800s! He decided to put it on Ebay and he made a lot of money.	answer: positive
event: Erin examined the antique watch. starts before he found the watch story: Erin was cleaning out his basement one morning. "While he was cleaning it, he found an old antique watch." He searched on the internet to see what type of watch it was. He realized that it was a watch from the 1800s! He decided to put it on Ebay and he made a lot of money.	answer: negative
event: Her mom was firm in her decision not to buy the shirt. starts after Amy go school shopping with her mom story: Amy was going school shopping with her mom. She wanted to get a shirt that showed her belly button. Her mother put the shirt away and wouldn't buy it. Amy begged, but her mom wouldn't budge. Amy rode home in sulking in silence, upset she couldn't get the shirt.	answer: positive
event: Her mom was firm in her decision not to buy the shirt. starts before Amy go school shopping with her mom story: Amy was going school shopping with her mom. She wanted to get a shirt that showed her belly button. Her mother put the shirt away and wouldn't buy it. Amy begged, but her mom wouldn't budge. Amy rode home in sulking in silence, upset she couldn't get the shirt.	answer: negative
event: The teacher was annoyed with Tim starts before The teacher take it story: Tim had his phone in class. He forgot to put it on silent. A friend kept trying to text him. Tim was caught fiddling with it. The teacher took it away for the day.	answer: positive
event: The teacher was annoyed with Tim starts after The teacher take it story: Tim had his phone in class. He forgot to put it on silent. A friend kept trying to text him. Tim was caught fiddling with it. The teacher took it away for the day.	answer: negative
event: Sarah gave birth to a son. starts before she teaches her son not to be a rude boy. story: Sarah was in the first grade when she began to dislike boys. During that year she was held face down in the snow by a boy bully. Through the Year's following she was teased a lot by boys. She began to think all boys were rude and mean. "Not anymore, because now she teaches her son how not to be a rude boy."	answer: positive
event: Sarah gave birth to a son. starts after she teaches her son not to be a rude boy. story: Sarah was in the first grade when she began to dislike boys. During that year she was held face down in the snow by a boy bully. Through the Year's following she was teased a lot by boys. She began to think all boys were rude and mean. "Not anymore, because now she teaches her son how not to be a rude boy."	answer: negative
event: someone went first starts after She n't remember who arrived first story: Gina was stopped at a 4 way stop sign. She didn't remember who arrived first. All the drivers seemed to be unsure. They were all looking at each other. Everyone was waiting for the other person to go first.	answer: positive
event: someone went first starts before She n't remember who arrived first story: Gina was stopped at a 4 way stop sign. She didn't remember who arrived first. All the drivers seemed to be unsure. They were all looking at each other. Everyone was waiting for the other person to go first.	answer: negative
event: Fred knew how to make tacos. starts before He create a taco tent story: Fred loved tacos. Because of that he decided to start a business. He created a taco tent. Fred was pretty into it. He ended up doing very well too.	answer: positive
event: Fred knew how to make tacos. starts after He create a taco tent story: Fred loved tacos. Because of that he decided to start a business. He created a taco tent. Fred was pretty into it. He ended up doing very well too.	answer: negative
event: Test had a necklace  starts after Test went to the store story: Tara always wanted jewelry. Her birthday was coming up. Test went to the store. He gave her a really nice necklace She adored him for the gift.	answer: positive
event: Test had a necklace  starts before Test went to the store story: Tara always wanted jewelry. Her birthday was coming up. Test went to the store. He gave her a really nice necklace She adored him for the gift.	answer: negative
event: Joe put on his police uniform. starts before Joe arrest the criminal story: Joe was a police officer. Joe was patrolling the streets of the city in his cruiser. "Suddenly, Joe was alerted to a crime happening near him by dispatch." Joe responded to the scene and found a bank robber fleeing on foot. Joe arrested the criminal and was promoted.	answer: positive
event: Joe put on his police uniform. starts after Joe arrest the criminal story: Joe was a police officer. Joe was patrolling the streets of the city in his cruiser. "Suddenly, Joe was alerted to a crime happening near him by dispatch." Joe responded to the scene and found a bank robber fleeing on foot. Joe arrested the criminal and was promoted.	answer: negative
event: She felt guilty starts after she saw an ad for a family shelter story: Margaret was walking through town. She noticed a store window with an ad for a family shelter. The pictures of kids really struck a chord in her heart. She decided to donate. She walked inside and began the process.	answer: positive
event: She felt guilty starts before she saw an ad for a family shelter story: Margaret was walking through town. She noticed a store window with an ad for a family shelter. The pictures of kids really struck a chord in her heart. She decided to donate. She walked inside and began the process.	answer: negative
event: The friend spent time in jail. starts after they were arrested on a warrant. story: My friend was arrested on a warrant. He gave the officer a false name. The guy who the warrant was for had only one arm. At the jail they realized he has both his arms. He was cited for providing false information to an officer.	answer: positive
event: The friend spent time in jail. starts before they were arrested on a warrant. story: My friend was arrested on a warrant. He gave the officer a false name. The guy who the warrant was for had only one arm. At the jail they realized he has both his arms. He was cited for providing false information to an officer.	answer: negative
event: Carol was in her car starts before Passerby 's alert the police story: Carol went shopping in town and parked in the town center. "When she finished shopping, Carol returned to her car and headed home." "She didn't realize it but a swarm of 20,000 bees followed her." Passerby's alerted the police and experts were called in. Beekeepers said the bees were trying to rescue their queen.	answer: positive
event: Carol was in her car starts after Passerby 's alert the police story: Carol went shopping in town and parked in the town center. "When she finished shopping, Carol returned to her car and headed home." "She didn't realize it but a swarm of 20,000 bees followed her." Passerby's alerted the police and experts were called in. Beekeepers said the bees were trying to rescue their queen.	answer: negative
event: The dentist explained the problem to Tim. starts after he took a look around in Tim's mouth story: Tim's tooth was hurting like crazy. He could barely eat or drink. His dentist took a look around in his mouth. One of his teeth was rotten. "Once the tooth was pulled, Tim felt fine."	answer: positive
event: The dentist explained the problem to Tim. starts before he took a look around in Tim's mouth story: Tim's tooth was hurting like crazy. He could barely eat or drink. His dentist took a look around in his mouth. One of his teeth was rotten. "Once the tooth was pulled, Tim felt fine."	answer: negative
event: Reese regretted making the astronaut helmet starts after His brother strap fireworks to the back of his bicycle story: Reese made an astronaut helmet for his younger brother. The brother tried it on and started playing pretend. Reese went outside hours later. His brother had strapped fireworks to the back of his bicycle. "As he lit the match, Reese ran out and yelled he wasn't an astronaut."	answer: positive
event: Reese regretted making the astronaut helmet starts before His brother strap fireworks to the back of his bicycle story: Reese made an astronaut helmet for his younger brother. The brother tried it on and started playing pretend. Reese went outside hours later. His brother had strapped fireworks to the back of his bicycle. "As he lit the match, Reese ran out and yelled he wasn't an astronaut."	answer: negative
event: I started studying for the test very late. starts before I had been up very late studying for a test. story: I had been up very late studying for a test. "I went to class to take the test, feeling tired." My eyes were about to close as the teacher handed me the test. I decided to put my head on my desk and rest for a bit. I fell asleep without doing a single question on the test.	answer: positive
event: I started studying for the test very late. starts after I had been up very late studying for a test. story: I had been up very late studying for a test. "I went to class to take the test, feeling tired." My eyes were about to close as the teacher handed me the test. I decided to put my head on my desk and rest for a bit. I fell asleep without doing a single question on the test.	answer: negative
event: The customers loved Fred's tacos. starts after Fred be pretty into it story: Fred loved tacos. Because of that he decided to start a business. He created a taco tent. Fred was pretty into it. He ended up doing very well too.	answer: positive
event: The customers loved Fred's tacos. starts before Fred be pretty into it story: Fred loved tacos. Because of that he decided to start a business. He created a taco tent. Fred was pretty into it. He ended up doing very well too.	answer: negative
event: Maddie is very close to her mother. starts before her mom tells her she can get a puppy story: Maddie really wanted a puppy. Her mom told her if she gets all good grades, she could get one. She worked really hard for three months on her school work. When report cards came out, she had earned all a's and b's! Maddie's mom took her to get her puppy as her reward.	answer: positive
event: Maddie is very close to her mother. starts after her mom tells her she can get a puppy story: Maddie really wanted a puppy. Her mom told her if she gets all good grades, she could get one. She worked really hard for three months on her school work. When report cards came out, she had earned all a's and b's! Maddie's mom took her to get her puppy as her reward.	answer: negative
event: The smartest girl doesn't know her answers are being copied. starts after Connie not study for her exams story: Connie has not studied for her exams. In a panic she sits near the smartest girl in glass. As the exam is handed out she slowly works through her exam. She's copying the girl next to her. Connie gets caught and is expelled from university.	answer: positive
event: The smartest girl doesn't know her answers are being copied. starts before Connie not study for her exams story: Connie has not studied for her exams. In a panic she sits near the smartest girl in glass. As the exam is handed out she slowly works through her exam. She's copying the girl next to her. Connie gets caught and is expelled from university.	answer: negative
event: Maggie returns home starts after she sees there is nobody there story: Maggie had plans to see a concert. She arrived at the theater on time. "For some reason, there was nobody there." She opened her phone to check for any notices. "Then, she discovered that the concert had been cancelled."	answer: positive
event: Maggie returns home starts before she sees there is nobody there story: Maggie had plans to see a concert. She arrived at the theater on time. "For some reason, there was nobody there." She opened her phone to check for any notices. "Then, she discovered that the concert had been cancelled."	answer: negative
event: Bob's house filled with smoke. starts after the gas light in his attic ignited story: Bob needed batteries for his flashlight. He decided to use the batteries in his fire detector. He decided to take a nap after putting the batteries in. Unfortunately, the gas light in his attic ignited. Without a fire detector, the house burned down and Bob burned with it.	answer: positive
event: Bob's house filled with smoke. starts before the gas light in his attic ignited story: Bob needed batteries for his flashlight. He decided to use the batteries in his fire detector. He decided to take a nap after putting the batteries in. Unfortunately, the gas light in his attic ignited. Without a fire detector, the house burned down and Bob burned with it.	answer: negative
event: I had money starts before I begin putting the shed together story: I needed a shed to contain my yard tools. I bought supplies and found a guide online. I followed the guide and began putting the shed together. "All week, I worked hard using power tools and manual labor." "After the week was over, I had a very nice shed."	answer: positive
event: I had money starts after I begin putting the shed together story: I needed a shed to contain my yard tools. I bought supplies and found a guide online. I followed the guide and began putting the shed together. "All week, I worked hard using power tools and manual labor." "After the week was over, I had a very nice shed."	answer: negative
event: Dakota sat down in the career counselor's office starts after he visit a career counselor story: Dakota finished his job at a summer camp. He had really enjoyed working with children. He realized he might want to work with children as a profession. When he returned to college he visited a career counselor. Dakota switched his major to Elementary Education.	answer: positive
event: Dakota sat down in the career counselor's office starts before he visit a career counselor story: Dakota finished his job at a summer camp. He had really enjoyed working with children. He realized he might want to work with children as a profession. When he returned to college he visited a career counselor. Dakota switched his major to Elementary Education.	answer: negative
event: Jake's family weren't too sure about the trampoline starts after seeing the trampoline story: Jake bought his family a new trampoline. They were scared to bounce on it. Jake climbed on to it and jumped up and down. "When they saw it was safe, his family joined him." "Now Jake can't get them to stop, they're having so much fun."	answer: positive
event: Jake's family weren't too sure about the trampoline starts before seeing the trampoline story: Jake bought his family a new trampoline. They were scared to bounce on it. Jake climbed on to it and jumped up and down. "When they saw it was safe, his family joined him." "Now Jake can't get them to stop, they're having so much fun."	answer: negative
event: Joshua is struggling financially. starts before Joshua could n't afford the assigned textbooks story: Joshua couldn't afford the assigned textbooks. His college textbooks were going to cost over 500 dollars. He knew that a similar amount would be expected in future quarters. Joshua had to decide between stealing them and switching majors. Joshua made the choice that felt right and just.	answer: positive
event: Joshua is struggling financially. starts after Joshua could n't afford the assigned textbooks story: Joshua couldn't afford the assigned textbooks. His college textbooks were going to cost over 500 dollars. He knew that a similar amount would be expected in future quarters. Joshua had to decide between stealing them and switching majors. Joshua made the choice that felt right and just.	answer: negative
event: We calmed down in order to solve the maize starts after we ended up lost story: A group of friends and I went to a corn maize. It was a dark night and the corn maize was said to be haunted. A scary man jumped out and scared us. We ended up lost in the maize for two hours. We made it out and were glad we experienced the maze together.	answer: positive
event: We calmed down in order to solve the maize starts before we ended up lost story: A group of friends and I went to a corn maize. It was a dark night and the corn maize was said to be haunted. A scary man jumped out and scared us. We ended up lost in the maize for two hours. We made it out and were glad we experienced the maze together.	answer: negative
event: we built a snowman starts after I look outside to see what he was scared of story: I was asleep when my two year old ran into the room panicking. I grabbed my robe and looked outside to see what he was scared of. I saw outside that it was snowing, something he had never seen. We bundled up and went outside to explore and play in it. We took a warm bath and a nap afterwards.	answer: positive
event: we built a snowman starts before I look outside to see what he was scared of story: I was asleep when my two year old ran into the room panicking. I grabbed my robe and looked outside to see what he was scared of. I saw outside that it was snowing, something he had never seen. We bundled up and went outside to explore and play in it. We took a warm bath and a nap afterwards.	answer: negative
event: We learned that gummy worms are not good fish bait. starts after We go to the pond to catch some fish story: My nephew lived across the street from Fresh Pond. "When he was 8, he got a fishing pole." We went to the pond to catch some fish. We did not have bait and used gummy worms. We did not catch any fish.	answer: positive
event: We learned that gummy worms are not good fish bait. starts before We go to the pond to catch some fish story: My nephew lived across the street from Fresh Pond. "When he was 8, he got a fishing pole." We went to the pond to catch some fish. We did not have bait and used gummy worms. We did not catch any fish.	answer: negative
event: Tom heard his friend say he was not gay starts before He directly ask story: Tom thought his new friend was gay. He never directly asked. One day he noticed someone else asking. Tom's friend wasn't actually gay. Tom felt relieved that he never brought it up.	answer: positive
event: Tom heard his friend say he was not gay starts after He directly ask story: Tom thought his new friend was gay. He never directly asked. One day he noticed someone else asking. Tom's friend wasn't actually gay. Tom felt relieved that he never brought it up.	answer: negative
event: a new restaurant opened up starts before She make reservations for her and a friend story: Kelly was excited to check out the new restaurant in town. She made reservations for her and a friend for that evening. When they got to the restaurant they waited a long time for a table. The waitress mixed up their orders and brought them the wrong dinners. Kelly decided not to eat at that restaurant again.	answer: positive
event: a new restaurant opened up starts after She make reservations for her and a friend story: Kelly was excited to check out the new restaurant in town. She made reservations for her and a friend for that evening. When they got to the restaurant they waited a long time for a table. The waitress mixed up their orders and brought them the wrong dinners. Kelly decided not to eat at that restaurant again.	answer: negative
event: Nellie is a student starts before her entries be stilted and brief story: Nellie decided to keep a diary. She wrote in it every day after school. At first her entries were stilted and brief. "But gradually, she started to write longer and more detailed entries." Soon Nellie had come to think of her diary as her best friend!	answer: positive
event: Nellie is a student starts after her entries be stilted and brief story: Nellie decided to keep a diary. She wrote in it every day after school. At first her entries were stilted and brief. "But gradually, she started to write longer and more detailed entries." Soon Nellie had come to think of her diary as her best friend!	answer: negative
event: Tim's friend has a phone starts before Tim have his phone in class story: Tim had his phone in class. He forgot to put it on silent. A friend kept trying to text him. Tim was caught fiddling with it. The teacher took it away for the day.	answer: positive
event: Tim's friend has a phone starts after Tim have his phone in class story: Tim had his phone in class. He forgot to put it on silent. A friend kept trying to text him. Tim was caught fiddling with it. The teacher took it away for the day.	answer: negative
event: The dad stabled his position. starts before he reached for the ball story: I was throwing the baseball with my son. He threw one past me that landed in the lake. I reached in to get the ball. I lost my balance and fell in. I got the ball and a bath all in one shot!	answer: positive
event: The dad stabled his position. starts after he reached for the ball story: I was throwing the baseball with my son. He threw one past me that landed in the lake. I reached in to get the ball. I lost my balance and fell in. I got the ball and a bath all in one shot!	answer: negative
event: I felt proud of my teammate. starts after The ball thrown to me story: The ball was thrown to me. There was 11 seconds left and I decided to run with the ball. Since two guards were running toward me, I threw the ball. My teammate, who was open, caught the ball and ran. He scored a touchdown.	answer: positive
event: I felt proud of my teammate. starts before The ball thrown to me story: The ball was thrown to me. There was 11 seconds left and I decided to run with the ball. Since two guards were running toward me, I threw the ball. My teammate, who was open, caught the ball and ran. He scored a touchdown.	answer: negative
event: Test is alive starts before He give her a really nice necklace story: Tara always wanted jewelry. Her birthday was coming up. Test went to the store. He gave her a really nice necklace She adored him for the gift.	answer: positive
event: Test is alive starts after He give her a really nice necklace story: Tara always wanted jewelry. Her birthday was coming up. Test went to the store. He gave her a really nice necklace She adored him for the gift.	answer: negative
event: Teddy sat near a window starts before Teddy look out the window with glee story: Teddy was happy to be going with his family on a trip. He had never been on a train before. They boarded and found their seats. Teddy looked out the window with glee. He was having such a great time.	answer: positive
event: Teddy sat near a window starts after Teddy look out the window with glee story: Teddy was happy to be going with his family on a trip. He had never been on a train before. They boarded and found their seats. Teddy looked out the window with glee. He was having such a great time.	answer: negative
event: He stopped going hiking by himself. starts after he saw a moose story: Fred went on a hike by himself. "Halfway through the hike, he saw a moose." The moose started walking towards him. "Terrified, Fred sprinted back." He decided he was too scared to go back into the woods.	answer: positive
event: He stopped going hiking by himself. starts before he saw a moose story: Fred went on a hike by himself. "Halfway through the hike, he saw a moose." The moose started walking towards him. "Terrified, Fred sprinted back." He decided he was too scared to go back into the woods.	answer: negative
event: Sarah got pregnant. starts after She begin to think all boys were rude and mean story: Sarah was in the first grade when she began to dislike boys. During that year she was held face down in the snow by a boy bully. Through the Year's following she was teased a lot by boys. She began to think all boys were rude and mean. "Not anymore, because now she teaches her son how not to be a rude boy."	answer: positive
event: Sarah got pregnant. starts before She begin to think all boys were rude and mean story: Sarah was in the first grade when she began to dislike boys. During that year she was held face down in the snow by a boy bully. Through the Year's following she was teased a lot by boys. She began to think all boys were rude and mean. "Not anymore, because now she teaches her son how not to be a rude boy."	answer: negative
event: Test knows Tara starts before Test go to the store story: Tara always wanted jewelry. Her birthday was coming up. Test went to the store. He gave her a really nice necklace She adored him for the gift.	answer: positive
event: Test knows Tara starts after Test go to the store story: Tara always wanted jewelry. Her birthday was coming up. Test went to the store. He gave her a really nice necklace She adored him for the gift.	answer: negative
event: I felt exhausted. starts before I went to class to take the test. story: I had been up very late studying for a test. "I went to class to take the test, feeling tired." My eyes were about to close as the teacher handed me the test. I decided to put my head on my desk and rest for a bit. I fell asleep without doing a single question on the test.	answer: positive
event: I felt exhausted. starts after I went to class to take the test. story: I had been up very late studying for a test. "I went to class to take the test, feeling tired." My eyes were about to close as the teacher handed me the test. I decided to put my head on my desk and rest for a bit. I fell asleep without doing a single question on the test.	answer: negative
event: The boys parents met. starts before I get the ball and a bath story: I was throwing the baseball with my son. He threw one past me that landed in the lake. I reached in to get the ball. I lost my balance and fell in. I got the ball and a bath all in one shot!	answer: positive
event: The boys parents met. starts after I get the ball and a bath story: I was throwing the baseball with my son. He threw one past me that landed in the lake. I reached in to get the ball. I lost my balance and fell in. I got the ball and a bath all in one shot!	answer: negative
event: Lillian was depressed. starts after she was divorced and penniless story: Lillian had always been rich. She went from her rich family to a rich husband. "Now that she was divorced and penniless, she was dismayed." She had to find a job and work for the first time of her life. "But after a few years, she was proud of herself, and doing well."	answer: positive
event: Lillian was depressed. starts before she was divorced and penniless story: Lillian had always been rich. She went from her rich family to a rich husband. "Now that she was divorced and penniless, she was dismayed." She had to find a job and work for the first time of her life. "But after a few years, she was proud of herself, and doing well."	answer: negative
event: Jane has someone she enjoys spending the weekends with starts after Her favorite part about her job be that she had weekends off story: Jane worked in a busy office every week from Monday to Friday. Her favorite part about her job was that she had weekends off. "One day, her boss told her that he was taking her weekends off away." Jane was upset to lose her free time and favorite part of her job. She began her search for a new job the following day.	answer: positive
event: Jane has someone she enjoys spending the weekends with starts before Her favorite part about her job be that she had weekends off story: Jane worked in a busy office every week from Monday to Friday. Her favorite part about her job was that she had weekends off. "One day, her boss told her that he was taking her weekends off away." Jane was upset to lose her free time and favorite part of her job. She began her search for a new job the following day.	answer: negative
event: they had to wait for the orders to be corrected starts after the waitress mixed up their orders story: Kelly was excited to check out the new restaurant in town. She made reservations for her and a friend for that evening. When they got to the restaurant they waited a long time for a table. The waitress mixed up their orders and brought them the wrong dinners. Kelly decided not to eat at that restaurant again.	answer: positive
event: they had to wait for the orders to be corrected starts before the waitress mixed up their orders story: Kelly was excited to check out the new restaurant in town. She made reservations for her and a friend for that evening. When they got to the restaurant they waited a long time for a table. The waitress mixed up their orders and brought them the wrong dinners. Kelly decided not to eat at that restaurant again.	answer: negative
event: Teddy bought train tickets starts before He have such a great time story: Teddy was happy to be going with his family on a trip. He had never been on a train before. They boarded and found their seats. Teddy looked out the window with glee. He was having such a great time.	answer: positive
event: Teddy bought train tickets starts after He have such a great time story: Teddy was happy to be going with his family on a trip. He had never been on a train before. They boarded and found their seats. Teddy looked out the window with glee. He was having such a great time.	answer: negative
event: My daughter asks me to help her lift weights starts after but she cannot even lift them off the floor. story: My daughter likes to work out with me when I do exercises. After I do an exercise she will try to mimic it. When I do military presses with dumbbells she also tries. But she cannot even lift them off the floor. This always makes me feel very strong for some reason.	answer: positive
event: My daughter asks me to help her lift weights starts before but she cannot even lift them off the floor. story: My daughter likes to work out with me when I do exercises. After I do an exercise she will try to mimic it. When I do military presses with dumbbells she also tries. But she cannot even lift them off the floor. This always makes me feel very strong for some reason.	answer: negative
event: Lillian was depressed. starts before She find a job and work story: Lillian had always been rich. She went from her rich family to a rich husband. "Now that she was divorced and penniless, she was dismayed." She had to find a job and work for the first time of her life. "But after a few years, she was proud of herself, and doing well."	answer: positive
event: Lillian was depressed. starts after She find a job and work story: Lillian had always been rich. She went from her rich family to a rich husband. "Now that she was divorced and penniless, she was dismayed." She had to find a job and work for the first time of her life. "But after a few years, she was proud of herself, and doing well."	answer: negative
event: Eric bought ingredients for the honey buns starts before To fix his problem he go to the store story: Eric loved honey buns. Eric tried to make them. Eric failed at making them. To fix his problem he went to the store. Eric bought more honey buns than he could ever eat.	answer: positive
event: Eric bought ingredients for the honey buns starts after To fix his problem he go to the store story: Eric loved honey buns. Eric tried to make them. Eric failed at making them. To fix his problem he went to the store. Eric bought more honey buns than he could ever eat.	answer: negative
event: Joe recited the Miranda rights to the criminal. starts after Joe arrest the criminal story: Joe was a police officer. Joe was patrolling the streets of the city in his cruiser. "Suddenly, Joe was alerted to a crime happening near him by dispatch." Joe responded to the scene and found a bank robber fleeing on foot. Joe arrested the criminal and was promoted.	answer: positive
event: Joe recited the Miranda rights to the criminal. starts before Joe arrest the criminal story: Joe was a police officer. Joe was patrolling the streets of the city in his cruiser. "Suddenly, Joe was alerted to a crime happening near him by dispatch." Joe responded to the scene and found a bank robber fleeing on foot. Joe arrested the criminal and was promoted.	answer: negative
event: Gemma had GAD for a long time starts before She go to the ASPCA to get a pet story: The doctor diagnosed Gemma with GAD. Her panic attacks made her life difficult. She went to the ASPCA to get a pet. "After not finding any suitable pets, she walked home." "On her way home, she found an adorable stray and adopted it."	answer: positive
event: Gemma had GAD for a long time starts after She go to the ASPCA to get a pet story: The doctor diagnosed Gemma with GAD. Her panic attacks made her life difficult. She went to the ASPCA to get a pet. "After not finding any suitable pets, she walked home." "On her way home, she found an adorable stray and adopted it."	answer: negative
event: Erin felt extremely happy. starts after He realize that it was a watch from the 1800s story: Erin was cleaning out his basement one morning. "While he was cleaning it, he found an old antique watch." He searched on the internet to see what type of watch it was. He realized that it was a watch from the 1800s! He decided to put it on Ebay and he made a lot of money.	answer: positive
event: Erin felt extremely happy. starts before He realize that it was a watch from the 1800s story: Erin was cleaning out his basement one morning. "While he was cleaning it, he found an old antique watch." He searched on the internet to see what type of watch it was. He realized that it was a watch from the 1800s! He decided to put it on Ebay and he made a lot of money.	answer: negative
event: Joe has a secured future. starts after receiving a salaried position story: Joe was an contracting handyman. He worked a different job everyday. His pay was always uncertain. Joe was offered a salaried position on his job. He gladly accepted the offer.	answer: positive
event: Joe has a secured future. starts before receiving a salaried position story: Joe was an contracting handyman. He worked a different job everyday. His pay was always uncertain. Joe was offered a salaried position on his job. He gladly accepted the offer.	answer: negative
event: The experts caught the bees starts after Carol park in the town center story: Carol went shopping in town and parked in the town center. "When she finished shopping, Carol returned to her car and headed home." "She didn't realize it but a swarm of 20,000 bees followed her." Passerby's alerted the police and experts were called in. Beekeepers said the bees were trying to rescue their queen.	answer: positive
event: The experts caught the bees starts before Carol park in the town center story: Carol went shopping in town and parked in the town center. "When she finished shopping, Carol returned to her car and headed home." "She didn't realize it but a swarm of 20,000 bees followed her." Passerby's alerted the police and experts were called in. Beekeepers said the bees were trying to rescue their queen.	answer: negative
event: Mike was hungry. starts before he ordered a cheeseburger and a milkshake story: Mike was at a burger restaurant. And he ordered a cheeseburger and a milkshake. But he noticed that there was hair in his burger. So he told the waiter about it. Mike wasn't given a new burger and he left.	answer: positive
event: Mike was hungry. starts after he ordered a cheeseburger and a milkshake story: Mike was at a burger restaurant. And he ordered a cheeseburger and a milkshake. But he noticed that there was hair in his burger. So he told the waiter about it. Mike wasn't given a new burger and he left.	answer: negative
event: Nancy was sad. starts after Nancy be a cigarette smoker story: Nancy was a cigarette smoker. Her best friend smoked as well. "As they got older, Nancy's friend got cancer." Nancy became alarmed and treated it as a wake up call. Nancy quit smoking after her friend died.	answer: positive
event: Nancy was sad. starts before Nancy be a cigarette smoker story: Nancy was a cigarette smoker. Her best friend smoked as well. "As they got older, Nancy's friend got cancer." Nancy became alarmed and treated it as a wake up call. Nancy quit smoking after her friend died.	answer: negative
event: Joe got too close to the eel. starts after they found a wolf eel underwater story: Joe and Fred like to scuba dive in Puget Sound. One time they found a big wolf eel underwater. The fish sunk his teeth deeply into Joe's scalp. Fred cut of the head of the fish while it was still attached to Joe. Only a doctor at the hospital could safely remove the fish head.	answer: positive
event: Joe got too close to the eel. starts before they found a wolf eel underwater story: Joe and Fred like to scuba dive in Puget Sound. One time they found a big wolf eel underwater. The fish sunk his teeth deeply into Joe's scalp. Fred cut of the head of the fish while it was still attached to Joe. Only a doctor at the hospital could safely remove the fish head.	answer: negative
event: I went to a hardware store  starts before I followed the guide and began putting the shed together. story: I needed a shed to contain my yard tools. I bought supplies and found a guide online. I followed the guide and began putting the shed together. "All week, I worked hard using power tools and manual labor." "After the week was over, I had a very nice shed."	answer: positive
event: I went to a hardware store  starts after I followed the guide and began putting the shed together. story: I needed a shed to contain my yard tools. I bought supplies and found a guide online. I followed the guide and began putting the shed together. "All week, I worked hard using power tools and manual labor." "After the week was over, I had a very nice shed."	answer: negative
event: Josie thought about who could be her date starts before Josie could n't find a date for prom story: Josie couldn't find a date for prom. All her friends were going. Her friends started trying to find her a date. "In the end, her friends decided they didn't want dates either." They all went together in a group!	answer: positive
event: Josie thought about who could be her date starts after Josie could n't find a date for prom story: Josie couldn't find a date for prom. All her friends were going. Her friends started trying to find her a date. "In the end, her friends decided they didn't want dates either." They all went together in a group!	answer: negative
event: Michael wen to the store to buy a computer starts before Michael bought the computer story: Michael bought a computer. He turned it on. He could not figure out how to use it. He called his friend Jeb. Jeb showed him how to use it and he had fun!	answer: positive
event: Michael wen to the store to buy a computer starts after Michael bought the computer story: Michael bought a computer. He turned it on. He could not figure out how to use it. He called his friend Jeb. Jeb showed him how to use it and he had fun!	answer: negative
event: Ryan showed his mom his swollen foot starts after he woke up with a swollen foot story: Ryan woke up one morning with a swollen foot. His mom took him to the doctor to see what was wrong. The doctor told him it looked like his toe was infected. They had to do surgery on it. Ryan felt better the next morning.	answer: positive
event: Ryan showed his mom his swollen foot starts before he woke up with a swollen foot story: Ryan woke up one morning with a swollen foot. His mom took him to the doctor to see what was wrong. The doctor told him it looked like his toe was infected. They had to do surgery on it. Ryan felt better the next morning.	answer: negative
event: James moved away from Texas starts after He bought a tornado shelter. story: James lives in Texas. Texas is prone to tornados. James prepared for this. He bought a tornado shelter. So when a tornado strikes he will be safe.	answer: positive
event: James moved away from Texas starts before He bought a tornado shelter. story: James lives in Texas. Texas is prone to tornados. James prepared for this. He bought a tornado shelter. So when a tornado strikes he will be safe.	answer: negative
event: I felt intimidated by the guards. starts after the two guards were running toward me story: The ball was thrown to me. There was 11 seconds left and I decided to run with the ball. Since two guards were running toward me, I threw the ball. My teammate, who was open, caught the ball and ran. He scored a touchdown.	answer: positive
event: I felt intimidated by the guards. starts before the two guards were running toward me story: The ball was thrown to me. There was 11 seconds left and I decided to run with the ball. Since two guards were running toward me, I threw the ball. My teammate, who was open, caught the ball and ran. He scored a touchdown.	answer: negative
event: The judge believed Amy starts after She apply for custody of her son story: Amy went on a road trip to Georgia. She was going to apply for custody of her son. "She arrived in Atlanta, and hurried to the courthouse." She testified that her ex-husband wasn't fit to be a father. The judge granted Amy custody of her son.	answer: positive
event: The judge believed Amy starts before She apply for custody of her son story: Amy went on a road trip to Georgia. She was going to apply for custody of her son. "She arrived in Atlanta, and hurried to the courthouse." She testified that her ex-husband wasn't fit to be a father. The judge granted Amy custody of her son.	answer: negative
event: Amy was very relieved to have custody of her son. starts after she was going to apply for custody of her son. story: Amy went on a road trip to Georgia. She was going to apply for custody of her son. "She arrived in Atlanta, and hurried to the courthouse." She testified that her ex-husband wasn't fit to be a father. The judge granted Amy custody of her son.	answer: positive
event: Amy was very relieved to have custody of her son. starts before she was going to apply for custody of her son. story: Amy went on a road trip to Georgia. She was going to apply for custody of her son. "She arrived in Atlanta, and hurried to the courthouse." She testified that her ex-husband wasn't fit to be a father. The judge granted Amy custody of her son.	answer: negative
event: The girls listened to Ashley starts before all three girls do laundry together story: Ashley is so sick of doing laundry. She lives with two other girls and none of them help. One night Ashley spoke her mind to the girls about it. They said they understand where she's coming from. Now all three girls do laundry together.	answer: positive
event: The girls listened to Ashley starts after all three girls do laundry together story: Ashley is so sick of doing laundry. She lives with two other girls and none of them help. One night Ashley spoke her mind to the girls about it. They said they understand where she's coming from. Now all three girls do laundry together.	answer: negative
event: Tom's friend says he is not gay  starts after Tom 's friend be n't actually gay story: Tom thought his new friend was gay. He never directly asked. One day he noticed someone else asking. Tom's friend wasn't actually gay. Tom felt relieved that he never brought it up.	answer: positive
event: Tom's friend says he is not gay  starts before Tom 's friend be n't actually gay story: Tom thought his new friend was gay. He never directly asked. One day he noticed someone else asking. Tom's friend wasn't actually gay. Tom felt relieved that he never brought it up.	answer: negative
event: The twins are exactly the same age starts before the teacher gave one of the twins a hat story: The twins dressed the same. They went to school. The teacher couldn't tell them apart. She gave one of the twins a hat. One of the twins wore the hat for that year.	answer: positive
event: The twins are exactly the same age starts after the teacher gave one of the twins a hat story: The twins dressed the same. They went to school. The teacher couldn't tell them apart. She gave one of the twins a hat. One of the twins wore the hat for that year.	answer: negative
event: The ball was in the boys hand. starts before he reached for the ball story: I was throwing the baseball with my son. He threw one past me that landed in the lake. I reached in to get the ball. I lost my balance and fell in. I got the ball and a bath all in one shot!	answer: positive
event: The ball was in the boys hand. starts after he reached for the ball story: I was throwing the baseball with my son. He threw one past me that landed in the lake. I reached in to get the ball. I lost my balance and fell in. I got the ball and a bath all in one shot!	answer: negative
event: the waitress asked them for their orders starts after they waited a long time for a table story: Kelly was excited to check out the new restaurant in town. She made reservations for her and a friend for that evening. When they got to the restaurant they waited a long time for a table. The waitress mixed up their orders and brought them the wrong dinners. Kelly decided not to eat at that restaurant again.	answer: positive
event: the waitress asked them for their orders starts before they waited a long time for a table story: Kelly was excited to check out the new restaurant in town. She made reservations for her and a friend for that evening. When they got to the restaurant they waited a long time for a table. The waitress mixed up their orders and brought them the wrong dinners. Kelly decided not to eat at that restaurant again.	answer: negative
event: Stanton's hitting coach watched Stanton swing the bat starts after Stanton hit home runs story: Stanton had been hitting home runs all of his career. Suddenly Stanton could no longer hit home runs. He asked his hitting coach for help. Stanton put an a lot of extra hours with his hitting coach. Stanton started hitting home runs again!	answer: positive
event: Stanton's hitting coach watched Stanton swing the bat starts before Stanton hit home runs story: Stanton had been hitting home runs all of his career. Suddenly Stanton could no longer hit home runs. He asked his hitting coach for help. Stanton put an a lot of extra hours with his hitting coach. Stanton started hitting home runs again!	answer: negative
event: Nora had a book. starts before She go back to the office to retrieve her book story: Nora was reading a book. She brought the book with her to the doctor's office. Nora forgot the book at the doctor's office. Nora realized she forgot the book. She went back to the office to retrieve her book.	answer: positive
event: Nora had a book. starts after She go back to the office to retrieve her book story: Nora was reading a book. She brought the book with her to the doctor's office. Nora forgot the book at the doctor's office. Nora realized she forgot the book. She went back to the office to retrieve her book.	answer: negative
event: Joe has a steady income starts after receiving a salaried position story: Joe was an contracting handyman. He worked a different job everyday. His pay was always uncertain. Joe was offered a salaried position on his job. He gladly accepted the offer.	answer: positive
event: Joe has a steady income starts before receiving a salaried position story: Joe was an contracting handyman. He worked a different job everyday. His pay was always uncertain. Joe was offered a salaried position on his job. He gladly accepted the offer.	answer: negative
event: Carol was scared starts after Carol park in the town center story: Carol went shopping in town and parked in the town center. "When she finished shopping, Carol returned to her car and headed home." "She didn't realize it but a swarm of 20,000 bees followed her." Passerby's alerted the police and experts were called in. Beekeepers said the bees were trying to rescue their queen.	answer: positive
event: Carol was scared starts before Carol park in the town center story: Carol went shopping in town and parked in the town center. "When she finished shopping, Carol returned to her car and headed home." "She didn't realize it but a swarm of 20,000 bees followed her." Passerby's alerted the police and experts were called in. Beekeepers said the bees were trying to rescue their queen.	answer: negative
event: Connie is able to see the smartest girl's answers. starts before she's copying the smartest girl. story: Connie has not studied for her exams. In a panic she sits near the smartest girl in glass. As the exam is handed out she slowly works through her exam. She's copying the girl next to her. Connie gets caught and is expelled from university.	answer: positive
event: Connie is able to see the smartest girl's answers. starts after she's copying the smartest girl. story: Connie has not studied for her exams. In a panic she sits near the smartest girl in glass. As the exam is handed out she slowly works through her exam. She's copying the girl next to her. Connie gets caught and is expelled from university.	answer: negative
event: My eyelids were heavy. starts before my eyes were about to close. story: I had been up very late studying for a test. "I went to class to take the test, feeling tired." My eyes were about to close as the teacher handed me the test. I decided to put my head on my desk and rest for a bit. I fell asleep without doing a single question on the test.	answer: positive
event: My eyelids were heavy. starts after my eyes were about to close. story: I had been up very late studying for a test. "I went to class to take the test, feeling tired." My eyes were about to close as the teacher handed me the test. I decided to put my head on my desk and rest for a bit. I fell asleep without doing a single question on the test.	answer: negative
event: Mitch was sad starts after The cup slowly slide off the table story: Mitch built a coffee table using cheap tools. "Because of his cheap tools, the table looked slightly off." When he put a cup of water on the table he saw it was not level. The cup slowly slid off the table. Mitch watched the cup fall off and shatter on the floor.	answer: positive
event: Mitch was sad starts before The cup slowly slide off the table story: Mitch built a coffee table using cheap tools. "Because of his cheap tools, the table looked slightly off." When he put a cup of water on the table he saw it was not level. The cup slowly slid off the table. Mitch watched the cup fall off and shatter on the floor.	answer: negative
event: The dad stabled his position. starts after I lose my balance story: I was throwing the baseball with my son. He threw one past me that landed in the lake. I reached in to get the ball. I lost my balance and fell in. I got the ball and a bath all in one shot!	answer: positive
event: The dad stabled his position. starts before I lose my balance story: I was throwing the baseball with my son. He threw one past me that landed in the lake. I reached in to get the ball. I lost my balance and fell in. I got the ball and a bath all in one shot!	answer: negative
event: Nora was getting a checkup at the doctor. starts before She go back to the office to retrieve her book story: Nora was reading a book. She brought the book with her to the doctor's office. Nora forgot the book at the doctor's office. Nora realized she forgot the book. She went back to the office to retrieve her book.	answer: positive
event: Nora was getting a checkup at the doctor. starts after She go back to the office to retrieve her book story: Nora was reading a book. She brought the book with her to the doctor's office. Nora forgot the book at the doctor's office. Nora realized she forgot the book. She went back to the office to retrieve her book.	answer: negative
event: The dentist disposed of the rotten tooth. starts after Tim 's tooth hurt like crazy story: Tim's tooth was hurting like crazy. He could barely eat or drink. His dentist took a look around in his mouth. One of his teeth was rotten. "Once the tooth was pulled, Tim felt fine."	answer: positive
event: The dentist disposed of the rotten tooth. starts before Tim 's tooth hurt like crazy story: Tim's tooth was hurting like crazy. He could barely eat or drink. His dentist took a look around in his mouth. One of his teeth was rotten. "Once the tooth was pulled, Tim felt fine."	answer: negative
event: Mickey won't go back to the shop. starts after Mickey want strawberry ice cream story: Mickey wanted strawberry ice cream. The ice cream shop was out of strawberry ice cream. Mickey had to choose between chocolate and vanilla. He decided on chocolate. Mickey was less than satisfied with his ice cream.	answer: positive
event: Mickey won't go back to the shop. starts before Mickey want strawberry ice cream story: Mickey wanted strawberry ice cream. The ice cream shop was out of strawberry ice cream. Mickey had to choose between chocolate and vanilla. He decided on chocolate. Mickey was less than satisfied with his ice cream.	answer: negative
event: Mickey didn't really want chocolate ice cream starts before He decide on chocolate story: Mickey wanted strawberry ice cream. The ice cream shop was out of strawberry ice cream. Mickey had to choose between chocolate and vanilla. He decided on chocolate. Mickey was less than satisfied with his ice cream.	answer: positive
event: Mickey didn't really want chocolate ice cream starts after He decide on chocolate story: Mickey wanted strawberry ice cream. The ice cream shop was out of strawberry ice cream. Mickey had to choose between chocolate and vanilla. He decided on chocolate. Mickey was less than satisfied with his ice cream.	answer: negative
event: He observed the kids complete the chores. starts after he assigned chores. story: Rick's kids were nine and eleven. He decided they were old enough to get an allowance. He wanted them to understand the value of money. "He assigned them chores each week, then paid them for their work." In this way Rick's kids made money and learned the value of hard work!	answer: positive
event: He observed the kids complete the chores. starts before he assigned chores. story: Rick's kids were nine and eleven. He decided they were old enough to get an allowance. He wanted them to understand the value of money. "He assigned them chores each week, then paid them for their work." In this way Rick's kids made money and learned the value of hard work!	answer: negative
event: Teddy wants to reconnect with his son. starts before Teddy want to do something special with his son story: Teddy wants to do something special with his son. The two had drifted apart lately. Teddy decided he would take him fishing. The two headed for the lake. Teddy and his son bonded and had a great fishing trip.	answer: positive
event: Teddy wants to reconnect with his son. starts after Teddy want to do something special with his son story: Teddy wants to do something special with his son. The two had drifted apart lately. Teddy decided he would take him fishing. The two headed for the lake. Teddy and his son bonded and had a great fishing trip.	answer: negative
event: Connie is able to see the smartest girl's answers. starts before She copy the girl next to her story: Connie has not studied for her exams. In a panic she sits near the smartest girl in glass. As the exam is handed out she slowly works through her exam. She's copying the girl next to her. Connie gets caught and is expelled from university.	answer: positive
event: Connie is able to see the smartest girl's answers. starts after She copy the girl next to her story: Connie has not studied for her exams. In a panic she sits near the smartest girl in glass. As the exam is handed out she slowly works through her exam. She's copying the girl next to her. Connie gets caught and is expelled from university.	answer: negative
event: The person was indecisivie. starts after I look at the menu story: I went to the deli to get something to eat. I waited in line for what seemed like forever. When it was my turn in line I didn't know what to get. I looked at the menu but it was very large. People behind me began to shout for me to decide.	answer: positive
event: The person was indecisivie. starts before I look at the menu story: I went to the deli to get something to eat. I waited in line for what seemed like forever. When it was my turn in line I didn't know what to get. I looked at the menu but it was very large. People behind me began to shout for me to decide.	answer: negative
event: Tom avoids foods he can't eat with braces starts before the braces are removed story: Tom needed to get braces. He was afraid of them. The dentist assured him everything would be fine. Tom had them on for a while. Once removed he felt it was worth it.	answer: positive
event: Tom avoids foods he can't eat with braces starts after the braces are removed story: Tom needed to get braces. He was afraid of them. The dentist assured him everything would be fine. Tom had them on for a while. Once removed he felt it was worth it.	answer: negative
event: Grandma was on her best wear starts before In addition she scream story: Grandma decided to go on the roller coaster with us. Although the roller coaster didn't move yet, she was scared. I tried to calm her down throughout the ride, but she wasn't relaxed. In addition, she screamed when the roller-coaster went down the peak. Before getting out, she took a few minutes to breathe.	answer: positive
event: Grandma was on her best wear starts after In addition she scream story: Grandma decided to go on the roller coaster with us. Although the roller coaster didn't move yet, she was scared. I tried to calm her down throughout the ride, but she wasn't relaxed. In addition, she screamed when the roller-coaster went down the peak. Before getting out, she took a few minutes to breathe.	answer: negative
event: Stanton was scoring runs again starts after Stanton start hitting home runs again story: Stanton had been hitting home runs all of his career. Suddenly Stanton could no longer hit home runs. He asked his hitting coach for help. Stanton put an a lot of extra hours with his hitting coach. Stanton started hitting home runs again!	answer: positive
event: Stanton was scoring runs again starts before Stanton start hitting home runs again story: Stanton had been hitting home runs all of his career. Suddenly Stanton could no longer hit home runs. He asked his hitting coach for help. Stanton put an a lot of extra hours with his hitting coach. Stanton started hitting home runs again!	answer: negative
event: Joe felt a rush of adrenaline. starts after he found a bank robber fleeing on foot story: Joe was a police officer. Joe was patrolling the streets of the city in his cruiser. "Suddenly, Joe was alerted to a crime happening near him by dispatch." Joe responded to the scene and found a bank robber fleeing on foot. Joe arrested the criminal and was promoted.	answer: positive
event: Joe felt a rush of adrenaline. starts before he found a bank robber fleeing on foot story: Joe was a police officer. Joe was patrolling the streets of the city in his cruiser. "Suddenly, Joe was alerted to a crime happening near him by dispatch." Joe responded to the scene and found a bank robber fleeing on foot. Joe arrested the criminal and was promoted.	answer: negative
event: Teddy and his family arrived at the train station starts before He have such a great time story: Teddy was happy to be going with his family on a trip. He had never been on a train before. They boarded and found their seats. Teddy looked out the window with glee. He was having such a great time.	answer: positive
event: Teddy and his family arrived at the train station starts after He have such a great time story: Teddy was happy to be going with his family on a trip. He had never been on a train before. They boarded and found their seats. Teddy looked out the window with glee. He was having such a great time.	answer: negative
event: Dina drove to the dealership starts after Dina found an ad for a cheap car story: Dina found an ad on the news for a cheap car. So Dina went to the dealership. She soon found out that the it was deceptive. The dealer only gave cheap cars for people with perfect credit. So Dina ditched the dealership.	answer: positive
event: Dina drove to the dealership starts before Dina found an ad for a cheap car story: Dina found an ad on the news for a cheap car. So Dina went to the dealership. She soon found out that the it was deceptive. The dealer only gave cheap cars for people with perfect credit. So Dina ditched the dealership.	answer: negative
event: Dakota filled out forms to switch his major starts after he visited the career counselor story: Dakota finished his job at a summer camp. He had really enjoyed working with children. He realized he might want to work with children as a profession. When he returned to college he visited a career counselor. Dakota switched his major to Elementary Education.	answer: positive
event: Dakota filled out forms to switch his major starts before he visited the career counselor story: Dakota finished his job at a summer camp. He had really enjoyed working with children. He realized he might want to work with children as a profession. When he returned to college he visited a career counselor. Dakota switched his major to Elementary Education.	answer: negative
event: The two guards were disappointed in themselves. starts after Since two guards were running toward me I throw the ball story: The ball was thrown to me. There was 11 seconds left and I decided to run with the ball. Since two guards were running toward me, I threw the ball. My teammate, who was open, caught the ball and ran. He scored a touchdown.	answer: positive
event: The two guards were disappointed in themselves. starts before Since two guards were running toward me I throw the ball story: The ball was thrown to me. There was 11 seconds left and I decided to run with the ball. Since two guards were running toward me, I threw the ball. My teammate, who was open, caught the ball and ran. He scored a touchdown.	answer: negative
event: Her mom frowned at the shirt. starts after Amy go school shopping with her mom story: Amy was going school shopping with her mom. She wanted to get a shirt that showed her belly button. Her mother put the shirt away and wouldn't buy it. Amy begged, but her mom wouldn't budge. Amy rode home in sulking in silence, upset she couldn't get the shirt.	answer: positive
event: Her mom frowned at the shirt. starts before Amy go school shopping with her mom story: Amy was going school shopping with her mom. She wanted to get a shirt that showed her belly button. Her mother put the shirt away and wouldn't buy it. Amy begged, but her mom wouldn't budge. Amy rode home in sulking in silence, upset she couldn't get the shirt.	answer: negative
event: Nellie is disheartened by her short entries starts before Nellie come to think of her diary as her best friend story: Nellie decided to keep a diary. She wrote in it every day after school. At first her entries were stilted and brief. "But gradually, she started to write longer and more detailed entries." Soon Nellie had come to think of her diary as her best friend!	answer: positive
event: Nellie is disheartened by her short entries starts after Nellie come to think of her diary as her best friend story: Nellie decided to keep a diary. She wrote in it every day after school. At first her entries were stilted and brief. "But gradually, she started to write longer and more detailed entries." Soon Nellie had come to think of her diary as her best friend!	answer: negative
event: Bob felt tired. starts before Bob burned with the house story: Bob needed batteries for his flashlight. He decided to use the batteries in his fire detector. He decided to take a nap after putting the batteries in. Unfortunately, the gas light in his attic ignited. Without a fire detector, the house burned down and Bob burned with it.	answer: positive
event: Bob felt tired. starts after Bob burned with the house story: Bob needed batteries for his flashlight. He decided to use the batteries in his fire detector. He decided to take a nap after putting the batteries in. Unfortunately, the gas light in his attic ignited. Without a fire detector, the house burned down and Bob burned with it.	answer: negative
event: The judges didn't like Jenna's routine starts after They put together a dance routine story: Jenna was out with friends on the last day of summer. They saw a talent competition in the park. They decided to enter. They put together a dance routine. They didn't win but it was a fun way to spend their last day.	answer: positive
event: The judges didn't like Jenna's routine starts before They put together a dance routine story: Jenna was out with friends on the last day of summer. They saw a talent competition in the park. They decided to enter. They put together a dance routine. They didn't win but it was a fun way to spend their last day.	answer: negative
event: Mike ate this burger. starts after he ordered the burger story: Mike was at a burger restaurant. And he ordered a cheeseburger and a milkshake. But he noticed that there was hair in his burger. So he told the waiter about it. Mike wasn't given a new burger and he left.	answer: positive
event: Mike ate this burger. starts before he ordered the burger story: Mike was at a burger restaurant. And he ordered a cheeseburger and a milkshake. But he noticed that there was hair in his burger. So he told the waiter about it. Mike wasn't given a new burger and he left.	answer: negative
event: Erin turned on his computer. starts after he found an old antique watch story: Erin was cleaning out his basement one morning. "While he was cleaning it, he found an old antique watch." He searched on the internet to see what type of watch it was. He realized that it was a watch from the 1800s! He decided to put it on Ebay and he made a lot of money.	answer: positive
event: Erin turned on his computer. starts before he found an old antique watch story: Erin was cleaning out his basement one morning. "While he was cleaning it, he found an old antique watch." He searched on the internet to see what type of watch it was. He realized that it was a watch from the 1800s! He decided to put it on Ebay and he made a lot of money.	answer: negative
event: There is a vacant seat near the smartest girl. starts before Connie sits near the smartest girl in glass. story: Connie has not studied for her exams. In a panic she sits near the smartest girl in glass. As the exam is handed out she slowly works through her exam. She's copying the girl next to her. Connie gets caught and is expelled from university.	answer: positive
event: There is a vacant seat near the smartest girl. starts after Connie sits near the smartest girl in glass. story: Connie has not studied for her exams. In a panic she sits near the smartest girl in glass. As the exam is handed out she slowly works through her exam. She's copying the girl next to her. Connie gets caught and is expelled from university.	answer: negative
event: The judges didn't like Jenna's routine starts after they put together a dance routine story: Jenna was out with friends on the last day of summer. They saw a talent competition in the park. They decided to enter. They put together a dance routine. They didn't win but it was a fun way to spend their last day.	answer: positive
event: The judges didn't like Jenna's routine starts before they put together a dance routine story: Jenna was out with friends on the last day of summer. They saw a talent competition in the park. They decided to enter. They put together a dance routine. They didn't win but it was a fun way to spend their last day.	answer: negative
event: Gemma didn't like any of the pets at ASPCA starts after she visited the ASPCA story: The doctor diagnosed Gemma with GAD. Her panic attacks made her life difficult. She went to the ASPCA to get a pet. "After not finding any suitable pets, she walked home." "On her way home, she found an adorable stray and adopted it."	answer: positive
event: Gemma didn't like any of the pets at ASPCA starts before she visited the ASPCA story: The doctor diagnosed Gemma with GAD. Her panic attacks made her life difficult. She went to the ASPCA to get a pet. "After not finding any suitable pets, she walked home." "On her way home, she found an adorable stray and adopted it."	answer: negative
event: Tom heard his friend say he was not gay starts after One day he noticed someone else asking. story: Tom thought his new friend was gay. He never directly asked. One day he noticed someone else asking. Tom's friend wasn't actually gay. Tom felt relieved that he never brought it up.	answer: positive
event: Tom heard his friend say he was not gay starts before One day he noticed someone else asking. story: Tom thought his new friend was gay. He never directly asked. One day he noticed someone else asking. Tom's friend wasn't actually gay. Tom felt relieved that he never brought it up.	answer: negative
event: Joshua felt discouraged. starts after he couldn't afford the assigned textbooks story: Joshua couldn't afford the assigned textbooks. His college textbooks were going to cost over 500 dollars. He knew that a similar amount would be expected in future quarters. Joshua had to decide between stealing them and switching majors. Joshua made the choice that felt right and just.	answer: positive
event: Joshua felt discouraged. starts before he couldn't afford the assigned textbooks story: Joshua couldn't afford the assigned textbooks. His college textbooks were going to cost over 500 dollars. He knew that a similar amount would be expected in future quarters. Joshua had to decide between stealing them and switching majors. Joshua made the choice that felt right and just.	answer: negative
event: Eric bought ingredients for the honey buns starts before Eric try to make them story: Eric loved honey buns. Eric tried to make them. Eric failed at making them. To fix his problem he went to the store. Eric bought more honey buns than he could ever eat.	answer: positive
event: Eric bought ingredients for the honey buns starts after Eric try to make them story: Eric loved honey buns. Eric tried to make them. Eric failed at making them. To fix his problem he went to the store. Eric bought more honey buns than he could ever eat.	answer: negative
event: Rick's wife was pregnant. starts before He decide they were old enough to get an allowance story: Rick's kids were nine and eleven. He decided they were old enough to get an allowance. He wanted them to understand the value of money. "He assigned them chores each week, then paid them for their work." In this way Rick's kids made money and learned the value of hard work!	answer: positive
event: Rick's wife was pregnant. starts after He decide they were old enough to get an allowance story: Rick's kids were nine and eleven. He decided they were old enough to get an allowance. He wanted them to understand the value of money. "He assigned them chores each week, then paid them for their work." In this way Rick's kids made money and learned the value of hard work!	answer: negative
event: Tiffani had finished summer vacation starts before They all loosen story: Tiffani was starting school. It was her first day of junior high. She was very nervous about how she would fit in. All of the kids were also nervous. They all loosened up as the day went on.	answer: positive
event: Tiffani had finished summer vacation starts after They all loosen story: Tiffani was starting school. It was her first day of junior high. She was very nervous about how she would fit in. All of the kids were also nervous. They all loosened up as the day went on.	answer: negative
event: The baseball cap was on the ground. starts after the baseball cap fell off of Chad's head story: Chad had gone to an amusement park. He was riding on the roller coaster. Chad was wearing a baseball cap. The baseball cap fell off of Chad's head. Chad found the cap after he got off of the ride.	answer: positive
event: The baseball cap was on the ground. starts before the baseball cap fell off of Chad's head story: Chad had gone to an amusement park. He was riding on the roller coaster. Chad was wearing a baseball cap. The baseball cap fell off of Chad's head. Chad found the cap after he got off of the ride.	answer: negative
event: Anna has a passport starts before Anna visit America story: Anna was visiting America. She went on a trip to see the forests and lakes. Then she saw a majestic bald eagle soaring. She had seen the American symbol of freedom! Anna was proud and happy to have seen the eagle during her trip.	answer: positive
event: Anna has a passport starts after Anna visit America story: Anna was visiting America. She went on a trip to see the forests and lakes. Then she saw a majestic bald eagle soaring. She had seen the American symbol of freedom! Anna was proud and happy to have seen the eagle during her trip.	answer: negative
event: Chad waited in line for the roller coaster. starts before he found the cap story: Chad had gone to an amusement park. He was riding on the roller coaster. Chad was wearing a baseball cap. The baseball cap fell off of Chad's head. Chad found the cap after he got off of the ride.	answer: positive
event: Chad waited in line for the roller coaster. starts after he found the cap story: Chad had gone to an amusement park. He was riding on the roller coaster. Chad was wearing a baseball cap. The baseball cap fell off of Chad's head. Chad found the cap after he got off of the ride.	answer: negative
event: Test had a necklace  starts after Tara want jewelry story: Tara always wanted jewelry. Her birthday was coming up. Test went to the store. He gave her a really nice necklace She adored him for the gift.	answer: positive
event: Test had a necklace  starts before Tara want jewelry story: Tara always wanted jewelry. Her birthday was coming up. Test went to the store. He gave her a really nice necklace She adored him for the gift.	answer: negative
event: Mike wanted a new burger. starts after he noticed that there was hair in his burger story: Mike was at a burger restaurant. And he ordered a cheeseburger and a milkshake. But he noticed that there was hair in his burger. So he told the waiter about it. Mike wasn't given a new burger and he left.	answer: positive
event: Mike wanted a new burger. starts before he noticed that there was hair in his burger story: Mike was at a burger restaurant. And he ordered a cheeseburger and a milkshake. But he noticed that there was hair in his burger. So he told the waiter about it. Mike wasn't given a new burger and he left.	answer: negative
event: Carol bought a lot of stuff starts before Passerby 's alert the police story: Carol went shopping in town and parked in the town center. "When she finished shopping, Carol returned to her car and headed home." "She didn't realize it but a swarm of 20,000 bees followed her." Passerby's alerted the police and experts were called in. Beekeepers said the bees were trying to rescue their queen.	answer: positive
event: Carol bought a lot of stuff starts after Passerby 's alert the police story: Carol went shopping in town and parked in the town center. "When she finished shopping, Carol returned to her car and headed home." "She didn't realize it but a swarm of 20,000 bees followed her." Passerby's alerted the police and experts were called in. Beekeepers said the bees were trying to rescue their queen.	answer: negative
event: My daughter tries to lift one dumbbell at a time starts after I do military presses story: My daughter likes to work out with me when I do exercises. After I do an exercise she will try to mimic it. When I do military presses with dumbbells she also tries. But she cannot even lift them off the floor. This always makes me feel very strong for some reason.	answer: positive
event: My daughter tries to lift one dumbbell at a time starts before I do military presses story: My daughter likes to work out with me when I do exercises. After I do an exercise she will try to mimic it. When I do military presses with dumbbells she also tries. But she cannot even lift them off the floor. This always makes me feel very strong for some reason.	answer: negative
event: Tom saw somone talking to his friend starts after One day he noticed someone else asking. story: Tom thought his new friend was gay. He never directly asked. One day he noticed someone else asking. Tom's friend wasn't actually gay. Tom felt relieved that he never brought it up.	answer: positive
event: Tom saw somone talking to his friend starts before One day he noticed someone else asking. story: Tom thought his new friend was gay. He never directly asked. One day he noticed someone else asking. Tom's friend wasn't actually gay. Tom felt relieved that he never brought it up.	answer: negative
event: Liza felt depressed after the event. starts after she left the library story: Liza was a star student in her high school. She walked home from the library one evening. A man pulled her into the alley and started groping her. Liza pulled out her pepper spray but it malfunctioned. Some students noticed the attacker and he fled.	answer: positive
event: Liza felt depressed after the event. starts before she left the library story: Liza was a star student in her high school. She walked home from the library one evening. A man pulled her into the alley and started groping her. Liza pulled out her pepper spray but it malfunctioned. Some students noticed the attacker and he fled.	answer: negative
event: Bob went kayaking anyway, and had a good time. starts after The water be icy cold story: Bob pushed his kayak into the water. The water was icy cold. Bob stepped into the water. Bob screamed at the icy water. Bob dropped his paddle.	answer: positive
event: Bob went kayaking anyway, and had a good time. starts before The water be icy cold story: Bob pushed his kayak into the water. The water was icy cold. Bob stepped into the water. Bob screamed at the icy water. Bob dropped his paddle.	answer: negative
event: Maggie takes her phone with her when she leaves starts before Maggie checks her phone story: Maggie had plans to see a concert. She arrived at the theater on time. "For some reason, there was nobody there." She opened her phone to check for any notices. "Then, she discovered that the concert had been cancelled."	answer: positive
event: Maggie takes her phone with her when she leaves starts after Maggie checks her phone story: Maggie had plans to see a concert. She arrived at the theater on time. "For some reason, there was nobody there." She opened her phone to check for any notices. "Then, she discovered that the concert had been cancelled."	answer: negative
event: Maddie studied very hard. starts after she worked really hard for three months story: Maddie really wanted a puppy. Her mom told her if she gets all good grades, she could get one. She worked really hard for three months on her school work. When report cards came out, she had earned all a's and b's! Maddie's mom took her to get her puppy as her reward.	answer: positive
event: Maddie studied very hard. starts before she worked really hard for three months story: Maddie really wanted a puppy. Her mom told her if she gets all good grades, she could get one. She worked really hard for three months on her school work. When report cards came out, she had earned all a's and b's! Maddie's mom took her to get her puppy as her reward.	answer: negative
event: The girls listened to Ashley starts after Ashley spoke her mind story: Ashley is so sick of doing laundry. She lives with two other girls and none of them help. One night Ashley spoke her mind to the girls about it. They said they understand where she's coming from. Now all three girls do laundry together.	answer: positive
event: The girls listened to Ashley starts before Ashley spoke her mind story: Ashley is so sick of doing laundry. She lives with two other girls and none of them help. One night Ashley spoke her mind to the girls about it. They said they understand where she's coming from. Now all three girls do laundry together.	answer: negative
event: Stanton played baseball starts before He ask his hitting coach for help story: Stanton had been hitting home runs all of his career. Suddenly Stanton could no longer hit home runs. He asked his hitting coach for help. Stanton put an a lot of extra hours with his hitting coach. Stanton started hitting home runs again!	answer: positive
event: Stanton played baseball starts after He ask his hitting coach for help story: Stanton had been hitting home runs all of his career. Suddenly Stanton could no longer hit home runs. He asked his hitting coach for help. Stanton put an a lot of extra hours with his hitting coach. Stanton started hitting home runs again!	answer: negative
event: Joe was never bored with his job. starts after he worked a different job every day. story: Joe was an contracting handyman. He worked a different job everyday. His pay was always uncertain. Joe was offered a salaried position on his job. He gladly accepted the offer.	answer: positive
event: Joe was never bored with his job. starts before he worked a different job every day. story: Joe was an contracting handyman. He worked a different job everyday. His pay was always uncertain. Joe was offered a salaried position on his job. He gladly accepted the offer.	answer: negative
event: Josie wore a prom dress starts after Her friends start trying to find her a date story: Josie couldn't find a date for prom. All her friends were going. Her friends started trying to find her a date. "In the end, her friends decided they didn't want dates either." They all went together in a group!	answer: positive
event: Josie wore a prom dress starts before Her friends start trying to find her a date story: Josie couldn't find a date for prom. All her friends were going. Her friends started trying to find her a date. "In the end, her friends decided they didn't want dates either." They all went together in a group!	answer: negative
event: Bob brought the kayak over to the water. starts before The water be icy cold story: Bob pushed his kayak into the water. The water was icy cold. Bob stepped into the water. Bob screamed at the icy water. Bob dropped his paddle.	answer: positive
event: Bob brought the kayak over to the water. starts after The water be icy cold story: Bob pushed his kayak into the water. The water was icy cold. Bob stepped into the water. Bob screamed at the icy water. Bob dropped his paddle.	answer: negative
event: I did not know what he was doing up there. starts before Sam say that I 'm always saying I would never let him fall story: "My son, Sam, was upstairs making all types of racket." I was downstairs when I saw Sam jump off the balcony. I ran towards him and caught my beloved child in mid-air. I asked him why on earth would he jump off the balcony. Sam said that I'm always saying I would never let him fall.	answer: positive
event: I did not know what he was doing up there. starts after Sam say that I 'm always saying I would never let him fall story: "My son, Sam, was upstairs making all types of racket." I was downstairs when I saw Sam jump off the balcony. I ran towards him and caught my beloved child in mid-air. I asked him why on earth would he jump off the balcony. Sam said that I'm always saying I would never let him fall.	answer: negative
event: Nancy met her best friend starts before Nancy treat it as a wake up call story: Nancy was a cigarette smoker. Her best friend smoked as well. "As they got older, Nancy's friend got cancer." Nancy became alarmed and treated it as a wake up call. Nancy quit smoking after her friend died.	answer: positive
event: Nancy met her best friend starts after Nancy treat it as a wake up call story: Nancy was a cigarette smoker. Her best friend smoked as well. "As they got older, Nancy's friend got cancer." Nancy became alarmed and treated it as a wake up call. Nancy quit smoking after her friend died.	answer: negative
event: The officer was suspicious of the friend. starts after He give the officer a false name story: My friend was arrested on a warrant. He gave the officer a false name. The guy who the warrant was for had only one arm. At the jail they realized he has both his arms. He was cited for providing false information to an officer.	answer: positive
event: The officer was suspicious of the friend. starts before He give the officer a false name story: My friend was arrested on a warrant. He gave the officer a false name. The guy who the warrant was for had only one arm. At the jail they realized he has both his arms. He was cited for providing false information to an officer.	answer: negative
event: Stanton worried about his swing starts after Stanton could no longer hit home runs story: Stanton had been hitting home runs all of his career. Suddenly Stanton could no longer hit home runs. He asked his hitting coach for help. Stanton put an a lot of extra hours with his hitting coach. Stanton started hitting home runs again!	answer: positive
event: Stanton worried about his swing starts before Stanton could no longer hit home runs story: Stanton had been hitting home runs all of his career. Suddenly Stanton could no longer hit home runs. He asked his hitting coach for help. Stanton put an a lot of extra hours with his hitting coach. Stanton started hitting home runs again!	answer: negative
event: Miller was unhappy with his marriage starts before he asked for a divorce story: Miller was married for a long time. His wife was not nice. He wanted a life free of her. He decided to ask for a divorce. He was so much happier without her.	answer: positive
event: Miller was unhappy with his marriage starts after he asked for a divorce story: Miller was married for a long time. His wife was not nice. He wanted a life free of her. He decided to ask for a divorce. He was so much happier without her.	answer: negative
event: Joshua switched majors. starts after He know that a similar amount would be expected in future quarters story: Joshua couldn't afford the assigned textbooks. His college textbooks were going to cost over 500 dollars. He knew that a similar amount would be expected in future quarters. Joshua had to decide between stealing them and switching majors. Joshua made the choice that felt right and just.	answer: positive
event: Joshua switched majors. starts before He know that a similar amount would be expected in future quarters story: Joshua couldn't afford the assigned textbooks. His college textbooks were going to cost over 500 dollars. He knew that a similar amount would be expected in future quarters. Joshua had to decide between stealing them and switching majors. Joshua made the choice that felt right and just.	answer: negative
event: Chad waited in line for the roller coaster. starts after he went to the amusement park story: Chad had gone to an amusement park. He was riding on the roller coaster. Chad was wearing a baseball cap. The baseball cap fell off of Chad's head. Chad found the cap after he got off of the ride.	answer: positive
event: Chad waited in line for the roller coaster. starts before he went to the amusement park story: Chad had gone to an amusement park. He was riding on the roller coaster. Chad was wearing a baseball cap. The baseball cap fell off of Chad's head. Chad found the cap after he got off of the ride.	answer: negative
event: Jake's roomate paid him back the 35dollars starts after Jake live with a roommate who stole from him story: Jake lived with a roommate who stole from him. Jake knew he had to kick him out but was afraid. One day Jake was missing 35 dollars from his dresser. Jake confronted his roommate and told him to leave. Jake's life has been better since he freed himself of his roommate.	answer: positive
event: Jake's roomate paid him back the 35dollars starts before Jake live with a roommate who stole from him story: Jake lived with a roommate who stole from him. Jake knew he had to kick him out but was afraid. One day Jake was missing 35 dollars from his dresser. Jake confronted his roommate and told him to leave. Jake's life has been better since he freed himself of his roommate.	answer: negative
event: her friends discussed who could be her date starts after Her friends start trying to find her a date story: Josie couldn't find a date for prom. All her friends were going. Her friends started trying to find her a date. "In the end, her friends decided they didn't want dates either." They all went together in a group!	answer: positive
event: her friends discussed who could be her date starts before Her friends start trying to find her a date story: Josie couldn't find a date for prom. All her friends were going. Her friends started trying to find her a date. "In the end, her friends decided they didn't want dates either." They all went together in a group!	answer: negative
event: He hired a lawyer. starts before he sued the company story: Sam bought a new phone. He left it charging overnight. The battery exploded and caused a small fire. Sam sued the company and had his things replaced. "He got a different kind of phone, though."	answer: positive
event: He hired a lawyer. starts after he sued the company story: Sam bought a new phone. He left it charging overnight. The battery exploded and caused a small fire. Sam sued the company and had his things replaced. "He got a different kind of phone, though."	answer: negative
event: Jeremy's boombox was taken away starts after he started playing it very loud story: Jeremy brought his boombox to school. Everyone was very confused. He started playing it very loud. Teachers got angry and got security. They gave him suspension.	answer: positive
event: Jeremy's boombox was taken away starts before he started playing it very loud story: Jeremy brought his boombox to school. Everyone was very confused. He started playing it very loud. Teachers got angry and got security. They gave him suspension.	answer: negative
event: Grandma decided never to go on the roller coaster again starts after I try to calm her down throughout the ride story: Grandma decided to go on the roller coaster with us. Although the roller coaster didn't move yet, she was scared. I tried to calm her down throughout the ride, but she wasn't relaxed. In addition, she screamed when the roller-coaster went down the peak. Before getting out, she took a few minutes to breathe.	answer: positive
event: Grandma decided never to go on the roller coaster again starts before I try to calm her down throughout the ride story: Grandma decided to go on the roller coaster with us. Although the roller coaster didn't move yet, she was scared. I tried to calm her down throughout the ride, but she wasn't relaxed. In addition, she screamed when the roller-coaster went down the peak. Before getting out, she took a few minutes to breathe.	answer: negative
event: I felt exhausted. starts after I be up studying for a test story: I had been up very late studying for a test. "I went to class to take the test, feeling tired." My eyes were about to close as the teacher handed me the test. I decided to put my head on my desk and rest for a bit. I fell asleep without doing a single question on the test.	answer: positive
event: I felt exhausted. starts before I be up studying for a test story: I had been up very late studying for a test. "I went to class to take the test, feeling tired." My eyes were about to close as the teacher handed me the test. I decided to put my head on my desk and rest for a bit. I fell asleep without doing a single question on the test.	answer: negative
event: Dina was angry. starts after she found out the ad was deceptive. story: Dina found an ad on the news for a cheap car. So Dina went to the dealership. She soon found out that the it was deceptive. The dealer only gave cheap cars for people with perfect credit. So Dina ditched the dealership.	answer: positive
event: Dina was angry. starts before she found out the ad was deceptive. story: Dina found an ad on the news for a cheap car. So Dina went to the dealership. She soon found out that the it was deceptive. The dealer only gave cheap cars for people with perfect credit. So Dina ditched the dealership.	answer: negative
event: Mitch got another cup of water starts after The cup slowly slide off the table story: Mitch built a coffee table using cheap tools. "Because of his cheap tools, the table looked slightly off." When he put a cup of water on the table he saw it was not level. The cup slowly slid off the table. Mitch watched the cup fall off and shatter on the floor.	answer: positive
event: Mitch got another cup of water starts before The cup slowly slide off the table story: Mitch built a coffee table using cheap tools. "Because of his cheap tools, the table looked slightly off." When he put a cup of water on the table he saw it was not level. The cup slowly slid off the table. Mitch watched the cup fall off and shatter on the floor.	answer: negative
event: Jane did not like her boss starts after Jane be upset to lose her free time and favorite part of her job story: Jane worked in a busy office every week from Monday to Friday. Her favorite part about her job was that she had weekends off. "One day, her boss told her that he was taking her weekends off away." Jane was upset to lose her free time and favorite part of her job. She began her search for a new job the following day.	answer: positive
event: Jane did not like her boss starts before Jane be upset to lose her free time and favorite part of her job story: Jane worked in a busy office every week from Monday to Friday. Her favorite part about her job was that she had weekends off. "One day, her boss told her that he was taking her weekends off away." Jane was upset to lose her free time and favorite part of her job. She began her search for a new job the following day.	answer: negative
event: Lisa did not have any cash starts after She really want to go story: Lisa went to the fair. She really wanted to go. "But when she got the fair, it was cash only." She was disappointed. So she went home.	answer: positive
event: Lisa did not have any cash starts before She really want to go story: Lisa went to the fair. She really wanted to go. "But when she got the fair, it was cash only." She was disappointed. So she went home.	answer: negative
event: I encourage my daughter to work out with me starts before This make me feel very strong for some reason story: My daughter likes to work out with me when I do exercises. After I do an exercise she will try to mimic it. When I do military presses with dumbbells she also tries. But she cannot even lift them off the floor. This always makes me feel very strong for some reason.	answer: positive
event: I encourage my daughter to work out with me starts after This make me feel very strong for some reason story: My daughter likes to work out with me when I do exercises. After I do an exercise she will try to mimic it. When I do military presses with dumbbells she also tries. But she cannot even lift them off the floor. This always makes me feel very strong for some reason.	answer: negative
event: The man wore a costume. starts before we went to the corn maize story: A group of friends and I went to a corn maize. It was a dark night and the corn maize was said to be haunted. A scary man jumped out and scared us. We ended up lost in the maize for two hours. We made it out and were glad we experienced the maze together.	answer: positive
event: The man wore a costume. starts after we went to the corn maize story: A group of friends and I went to a corn maize. It was a dark night and the corn maize was said to be haunted. A scary man jumped out and scared us. We ended up lost in the maize for two hours. We made it out and were glad we experienced the maze together.	answer: negative
event: We cleaned up the water starts after my mom's toilet started leaking story: My moms toilet started leaking a few weeks ago. She asked me to try and fix it but I didn't know how. Eventually the leak got even worse to the point of flooding. Her bathroom was flooded daily but we didn't know what to do! After awhile we turned the water off to the toilet and left it.	answer: positive
event: We cleaned up the water starts before my mom's toilet started leaking story: My moms toilet started leaking a few weeks ago. She asked me to try and fix it but I didn't know how. Eventually the leak got even worse to the point of flooding. Her bathroom was flooded daily but we didn't know what to do! After awhile we turned the water off to the toilet and left it.	answer: negative
event: He regretted goin on the hike. starts before he decided he was too scared to go back in the woods. story: Fred went on a hike by himself. "Halfway through the hike, he saw a moose." The moose started walking towards him. "Terrified, Fred sprinted back." He decided he was too scared to go back into the woods.	answer: positive
event: He regretted goin on the hike. starts after he decided he was too scared to go back in the woods. story: Fred went on a hike by himself. "Halfway through the hike, he saw a moose." The moose started walking towards him. "Terrified, Fred sprinted back." He decided he was too scared to go back into the woods.	answer: negative
event: Amy's ex lives in Atlanta. starts before she was going to apply for custody of her son. story: Amy went on a road trip to Georgia. She was going to apply for custody of her son. "She arrived in Atlanta, and hurried to the courthouse." She testified that her ex-husband wasn't fit to be a father. The judge granted Amy custody of her son.	answer: positive
event: Amy's ex lives in Atlanta. starts after she was going to apply for custody of her son. story: Amy went on a road trip to Georgia. She was going to apply for custody of her son. "She arrived in Atlanta, and hurried to the courthouse." She testified that her ex-husband wasn't fit to be a father. The judge granted Amy custody of her son.	answer: negative
event: Troy moved out of his own country. starts before Troy not see his family story: Troy had not seen his family in years. Troy had been living in another country. He longed to see his family. He bought a plane ticket. He visited his family on Thanksgiving.	answer: positive
event: Troy moved out of his own country. starts after Troy not see his family story: Troy had not seen his family in years. Troy had been living in another country. He longed to see his family. He bought a plane ticket. He visited his family on Thanksgiving.	answer: negative
event: Deb traveled to a restaurant with her family. starts before they ate dinner story: Deb was visiting family for the holidays. They were at dinner when Deb's job came up. Everyone asked Deb about work, and Deb got nervous. The truth was that she had been unemployed for some time. Finally, she decided to just admit it to her family.	answer: positive
event: Deb traveled to a restaurant with her family. starts after they ate dinner story: Deb was visiting family for the holidays. They were at dinner when Deb's job came up. Everyone asked Deb about work, and Deb got nervous. The truth was that she had been unemployed for some time. Finally, she decided to just admit it to her family.	answer: negative
event: She felt guilty starts after the ad for a family shelter story: Margaret was walking through town. She noticed a store window with an ad for a family shelter. The pictures of kids really struck a chord in her heart. She decided to donate. She walked inside and began the process.	answer: positive
event: She felt guilty starts before the ad for a family shelter story: Margaret was walking through town. She noticed a store window with an ad for a family shelter. The pictures of kids really struck a chord in her heart. She decided to donate. She walked inside and began the process.	answer: negative
event: JJ breaks the lock to her apartment starts before She call to reschedule the interview story: JJ is on her way to a job interview. She leaves her apartment without her keys. She realizes she locked herself out of her apartment and car. She calls to reschedule the interview. They tell her they are no longer interested in hiring her.	answer: positive
event: JJ breaks the lock to her apartment starts after She call to reschedule the interview story: JJ is on her way to a job interview. She leaves her apartment without her keys. She realizes she locked herself out of her apartment and car. She calls to reschedule the interview. They tell her they are no longer interested in hiring her.	answer: negative
event: Amy is not married to her son's father. starts before she was going to apply for custody of her son. story: Amy went on a road trip to Georgia. She was going to apply for custody of her son. "She arrived in Atlanta, and hurried to the courthouse." She testified that her ex-husband wasn't fit to be a father. The judge granted Amy custody of her son.	answer: positive
event: Amy is not married to her son's father. starts after she was going to apply for custody of her son. story: Amy went on a road trip to Georgia. She was going to apply for custody of her son. "She arrived in Atlanta, and hurried to the courthouse." She testified that her ex-husband wasn't fit to be a father. The judge granted Amy custody of her son.	answer: negative
event: Gina wasn't paying attention starts before They look at each other story: Gina was stopped at a 4 way stop sign. She didn't remember who arrived first. All the drivers seemed to be unsure. They were all looking at each other. Everyone was waiting for the other person to go first.	answer: positive
event: Gina wasn't paying attention starts after They look at each other story: Gina was stopped at a 4 way stop sign. She didn't remember who arrived first. All the drivers seemed to be unsure. They were all looking at each other. Everyone was waiting for the other person to go first.	answer: negative
event: Ash mowed lawns all summer starts after he decided to start mowing lawns story: "Ash, a middle school kid, really wanted a new skateboard." He decided to start mowing lawns in the neighborhood for cash. By the end of the summer he had saved up quite a bit. Ash went and bought the perfect board. Ash felt good about what he had accomplished.	answer: positive
event: Ash mowed lawns all summer starts before he decided to start mowing lawns story: "Ash, a middle school kid, really wanted a new skateboard." He decided to start mowing lawns in the neighborhood for cash. By the end of the summer he had saved up quite a bit. Ash went and bought the perfect board. Ash felt good about what he had accomplished.	answer: negative
event: The boys parents met. starts before I throw the baseball with my son story: I was throwing the baseball with my son. He threw one past me that landed in the lake. I reached in to get the ball. I lost my balance and fell in. I got the ball and a bath all in one shot!	answer: positive
event: The boys parents met. starts after I throw the baseball with my son story: I was throwing the baseball with my son. He threw one past me that landed in the lake. I reached in to get the ball. I lost my balance and fell in. I got the ball and a bath all in one shot!	answer: negative
event: Miller was unhappy with his marriage starts after he was married story: Miller was married for a long time. His wife was not nice. He wanted a life free of her. He decided to ask for a divorce. He was so much happier without her.	answer: positive
event: Miller was unhappy with his marriage starts before he was married story: Miller was married for a long time. His wife was not nice. He wanted a life free of her. He decided to ask for a divorce. He was so much happier without her.	answer: negative
event: Troy drove to the airport. starts after Troy bought a plane ticket. story: Troy had not seen his family in years. Troy had been living in another country. He longed to see his family. He bought a plane ticket. He visited his family on Thanksgiving.	answer: positive
event: Troy drove to the airport. starts before Troy bought a plane ticket. story: Troy had not seen his family in years. Troy had been living in another country. He longed to see his family. He bought a plane ticket. He visited his family on Thanksgiving.	answer: negative
event: Mitch got another cup of water starts after his cup  shattered on the floor story: Mitch built a coffee table using cheap tools. "Because of his cheap tools, the table looked slightly off." When he put a cup of water on the table he saw it was not level. The cup slowly slid off the table. Mitch watched the cup fall off and shatter on the floor.	answer: positive
event: Mitch got another cup of water starts before his cup  shattered on the floor story: Mitch built a coffee table using cheap tools. "Because of his cheap tools, the table looked slightly off." When he put a cup of water on the table he saw it was not level. The cup slowly slid off the table. Mitch watched the cup fall off and shatter on the floor.	answer: negative
event: Joshua felt very stressed about this situation. starts before Joshua make the choice that felt right and just story: Joshua couldn't afford the assigned textbooks. His college textbooks were going to cost over 500 dollars. He knew that a similar amount would be expected in future quarters. Joshua had to decide between stealing them and switching majors. Joshua made the choice that felt right and just.	answer: positive
event: Joshua felt very stressed about this situation. starts after Joshua make the choice that felt right and just story: Joshua couldn't afford the assigned textbooks. His college textbooks were going to cost over 500 dollars. He knew that a similar amount would be expected in future quarters. Joshua had to decide between stealing them and switching majors. Joshua made the choice that felt right and just.	answer: negative
event: Josie felt sad starts after she couldn't find a date story: Josie couldn't find a date for prom. All her friends were going. Her friends started trying to find her a date. "In the end, her friends decided they didn't want dates either." They all went together in a group!	answer: positive
event: Josie felt sad starts before she couldn't find a date story: Josie couldn't find a date for prom. All her friends were going. Her friends started trying to find her a date. "In the end, her friends decided they didn't want dates either." They all went together in a group!	answer: negative
event: Nellie is disheartened by her short entries starts after deciding to keep a diary story: Nellie decided to keep a diary. She wrote in it every day after school. At first her entries were stilted and brief. "But gradually, she started to write longer and more detailed entries." Soon Nellie had come to think of her diary as her best friend!	answer: positive
event: Nellie is disheartened by her short entries starts before deciding to keep a diary story: Nellie decided to keep a diary. She wrote in it every day after school. At first her entries were stilted and brief. "But gradually, she started to write longer and more detailed entries." Soon Nellie had come to think of her diary as her best friend!	answer: negative
event: Reese loves his younger brother starts before The brother try it on story: Reese made an astronaut helmet for his younger brother. The brother tried it on and started playing pretend. Reese went outside hours later. His brother had strapped fireworks to the back of his bicycle. "As he lit the match, Reese ran out and yelled he wasn't an astronaut."	answer: positive
event: Reese loves his younger brother starts after The brother try it on story: Reese made an astronaut helmet for his younger brother. The brother tried it on and started playing pretend. Reese went outside hours later. His brother had strapped fireworks to the back of his bicycle. "As he lit the match, Reese ran out and yelled he wasn't an astronaut."	answer: negative
event: The deli was crowded starts before I n't know what to get story: I went to the deli to get something to eat. I waited in line for what seemed like forever. When it was my turn in line I didn't know what to get. I looked at the menu but it was very large. People behind me began to shout for me to decide.	answer: positive
event: The deli was crowded starts after I n't know what to get story: I went to the deli to get something to eat. I waited in line for what seemed like forever. When it was my turn in line I didn't know what to get. I looked at the menu but it was very large. People behind me began to shout for me to decide.	answer: negative
event: Mickey liked strawberry ice cream starts before The ice cream shop be out of strawberry ice cream story: Mickey wanted strawberry ice cream. The ice cream shop was out of strawberry ice cream. Mickey had to choose between chocolate and vanilla. He decided on chocolate. Mickey was less than satisfied with his ice cream.	answer: positive
event: Mickey liked strawberry ice cream starts after The ice cream shop be out of strawberry ice cream story: Mickey wanted strawberry ice cream. The ice cream shop was out of strawberry ice cream. Mickey had to choose between chocolate and vanilla. He decided on chocolate. Mickey was less than satisfied with his ice cream.	answer: negative
event: My mom has a house starts before we turn the water to the toilet story: My moms toilet started leaking a few weeks ago. She asked me to try and fix it but I didn't know how. Eventually the leak got even worse to the point of flooding. Her bathroom was flooded daily but we didn't know what to do! After awhile we turned the water off to the toilet and left it.	answer: positive
event: My mom has a house starts after we turn the water to the toilet story: My moms toilet started leaking a few weeks ago. She asked me to try and fix it but I didn't know how. Eventually the leak got even worse to the point of flooding. Her bathroom was flooded daily but we didn't know what to do! After awhile we turned the water off to the toilet and left it.	answer: negative
event: Joshua didn't have much money. starts before Joshua had decide between stealing them and switching majors story: Joshua couldn't afford the assigned textbooks. His college textbooks were going to cost over 500 dollars. He knew that a similar amount would be expected in future quarters. Joshua had to decide between stealing them and switching majors. Joshua made the choice that felt right and just.	answer: positive
event: Joshua didn't have much money. starts after Joshua had decide between stealing them and switching majors story: Joshua couldn't afford the assigned textbooks. His college textbooks were going to cost over 500 dollars. He knew that a similar amount would be expected in future quarters. Joshua had to decide between stealing them and switching majors. Joshua made the choice that felt right and just.	answer: negative
event: Joe recited the Miranda rights to the criminal. starts after he arrested the criminal story: Joe was a police officer. Joe was patrolling the streets of the city in his cruiser. "Suddenly, Joe was alerted to a crime happening near him by dispatch." Joe responded to the scene and found a bank robber fleeing on foot. Joe arrested the criminal and was promoted.	answer: positive
event: Joe recited the Miranda rights to the criminal. starts before he arrested the criminal story: Joe was a police officer. Joe was patrolling the streets of the city in his cruiser. "Suddenly, Joe was alerted to a crime happening near him by dispatch." Joe responded to the scene and found a bank robber fleeing on foot. Joe arrested the criminal and was promoted.	answer: negative
event: Bob's body was unrecognizable. starts after Bob burned with the house story: Bob needed batteries for his flashlight. He decided to use the batteries in his fire detector. He decided to take a nap after putting the batteries in. Unfortunately, the gas light in his attic ignited. Without a fire detector, the house burned down and Bob burned with it.	answer: positive
event: Bob's body was unrecognizable. starts before Bob burned with the house story: Bob needed batteries for his flashlight. He decided to use the batteries in his fire detector. He decided to take a nap after putting the batteries in. Unfortunately, the gas light in his attic ignited. Without a fire detector, the house burned down and Bob burned with it.	answer: negative
event: they ordered their food starts after they waited a long time for a table story: Kelly was excited to check out the new restaurant in town. She made reservations for her and a friend for that evening. When they got to the restaurant they waited a long time for a table. The waitress mixed up their orders and brought them the wrong dinners. Kelly decided not to eat at that restaurant again.	answer: positive
event: they ordered their food starts before they waited a long time for a table story: Kelly was excited to check out the new restaurant in town. She made reservations for her and a friend for that evening. When they got to the restaurant they waited a long time for a table. The waitress mixed up their orders and brought them the wrong dinners. Kelly decided not to eat at that restaurant again.	answer: negative
event: Connie was lazy. starts before she slowly work through her exam story: Connie has not studied for her exams. In a panic she sits near the smartest girl in glass. As the exam is handed out she slowly works through her exam. She's copying the girl next to her. Connie gets caught and is expelled from university.	answer: positive
event: Connie was lazy. starts after she slowly work through her exam story: Connie has not studied for her exams. In a panic she sits near the smartest girl in glass. As the exam is handed out she slowly works through her exam. She's copying the girl next to her. Connie gets caught and is expelled from university.	answer: negative
event: Joe put on his police uniform. starts before he arrested the criminal story: Joe was a police officer. Joe was patrolling the streets of the city in his cruiser. "Suddenly, Joe was alerted to a crime happening near him by dispatch." Joe responded to the scene and found a bank robber fleeing on foot. Joe arrested the criminal and was promoted.	answer: positive
event: Joe put on his police uniform. starts after he arrested the criminal story: Joe was a police officer. Joe was patrolling the streets of the city in his cruiser. "Suddenly, Joe was alerted to a crime happening near him by dispatch." Joe responded to the scene and found a bank robber fleeing on foot. Joe arrested the criminal and was promoted.	answer: negative
event: Joe has a secured future. starts after Joe offered a salaried position on his job story: Joe was an contracting handyman. He worked a different job everyday. His pay was always uncertain. Joe was offered a salaried position on his job. He gladly accepted the offer.	answer: positive
event: Joe has a secured future. starts before Joe offered a salaried position on his job story: Joe was an contracting handyman. He worked a different job everyday. His pay was always uncertain. Joe was offered a salaried position on his job. He gladly accepted the offer.	answer: negative
event: Jeremy's boombox was taken away starts after teachers got security story: Jeremy brought his boombox to school. Everyone was very confused. He started playing it very loud. Teachers got angry and got security. They gave him suspension.	answer: positive
event: Jeremy's boombox was taken away starts before teachers got security story: Jeremy brought his boombox to school. Everyone was very confused. He started playing it very loud. Teachers got angry and got security. They gave him suspension.	answer: negative
event: The experts caught the bees starts after they were called in story: Carol went shopping in town and parked in the town center. "When she finished shopping, Carol returned to her car and headed home." "She didn't realize it but a swarm of 20,000 bees followed her." Passerby's alerted the police and experts were called in. Beekeepers said the bees were trying to rescue their queen.	answer: positive
event: The experts caught the bees starts before they were called in story: Carol went shopping in town and parked in the town center. "When she finished shopping, Carol returned to her car and headed home." "She didn't realize it but a swarm of 20,000 bees followed her." Passerby's alerted the police and experts were called in. Beekeepers said the bees were trying to rescue their queen.	answer: negative
event: Joshua is alive. starts before He know that a similar amount would be expected in future quarters story: Joshua couldn't afford the assigned textbooks. His college textbooks were going to cost over 500 dollars. He knew that a similar amount would be expected in future quarters. Joshua had to decide between stealing them and switching majors. Joshua made the choice that felt right and just.	answer: positive
event: Joshua is alive. starts after He know that a similar amount would be expected in future quarters story: Joshua couldn't afford the assigned textbooks. His college textbooks were going to cost over 500 dollars. He knew that a similar amount would be expected in future quarters. Joshua had to decide between stealing them and switching majors. Joshua made the choice that felt right and just.	answer: negative
event: Tiffany has finished elementary school. starts before They all loosen story: Tiffani was starting school. It was her first day of junior high. She was very nervous about how she would fit in. All of the kids were also nervous. They all loosened up as the day went on.	answer: positive
event: Tiffany has finished elementary school. starts after They all loosen story: Tiffani was starting school. It was her first day of junior high. She was very nervous about how she would fit in. All of the kids were also nervous. They all loosened up as the day went on.	answer: negative
event: I am not a plumber starts before we turn the water to the toilet story: My moms toilet started leaking a few weeks ago. She asked me to try and fix it but I didn't know how. Eventually the leak got even worse to the point of flooding. Her bathroom was flooded daily but we didn't know what to do! After awhile we turned the water off to the toilet and left it.	answer: positive
event: I am not a plumber starts after we turn the water to the toilet story: My moms toilet started leaking a few weeks ago. She asked me to try and fix it but I didn't know how. Eventually the leak got even worse to the point of flooding. Her bathroom was flooded daily but we didn't know what to do! After awhile we turned the water off to the toilet and left it.	answer: negative
event: Jan's finances were tight. starts before Jan have enough money story: Jan wanted a new purse. She knew should could not afford the one she wanted. She decided to start saving until she could. Jan finally had enough money. "When she went to buy the purse, it was gone."	answer: positive
event: Jan's finances were tight. starts after Jan have enough money story: Jan wanted a new purse. She knew should could not afford the one she wanted. She decided to start saving until she could. Jan finally had enough money. "When she went to buy the purse, it was gone."	answer: negative
event: Blake is alive. starts before He bring beer story: Megan decided to make dinner. She cooked tacos for Taco Tuesday. She invited Blake. He brought beer. They ate and watched tv.	answer: positive
event: Blake is alive. starts after He bring beer story: Megan decided to make dinner. She cooked tacos for Taco Tuesday. She invited Blake. He brought beer. They ate and watched tv.	answer: negative
event: Sarah was picked on at school. starts before she held face down in the snow by a boy bully story: Sarah was in the first grade when she began to dislike boys. During that year she was held face down in the snow by a boy bully. Through the Year's following she was teased a lot by boys. She began to think all boys were rude and mean. "Not anymore, because now she teaches her son how not to be a rude boy."	answer: positive
event: Sarah was picked on at school. starts after she held face down in the snow by a boy bully story: Sarah was in the first grade when she began to dislike boys. During that year she was held face down in the snow by a boy bully. Through the Year's following she was teased a lot by boys. She began to think all boys were rude and mean. "Not anymore, because now she teaches her son how not to be a rude boy."	answer: negative
event: Eric tasted his homemade honey buns starts before To fix his problem he go to the store story: Eric loved honey buns. Eric tried to make them. Eric failed at making them. To fix his problem he went to the store. Eric bought more honey buns than he could ever eat.	answer: positive
event: Eric tasted his homemade honey buns starts after To fix his problem he go to the store story: Eric loved honey buns. Eric tried to make them. Eric failed at making them. To fix his problem he went to the store. Eric bought more honey buns than he could ever eat.	answer: negative
event: Amy was holding a shirt that showed her belly button. starts before her mother put the shirt away. story: Amy was going school shopping with her mom. She wanted to get a shirt that showed her belly button. Her mother put the shirt away and wouldn't buy it. Amy begged, but her mom wouldn't budge. Amy rode home in sulking in silence, upset she couldn't get the shirt.	answer: positive
event: Amy was holding a shirt that showed her belly button. starts after her mother put the shirt away. story: Amy was going school shopping with her mom. She wanted to get a shirt that showed her belly button. Her mother put the shirt away and wouldn't buy it. Amy begged, but her mom wouldn't budge. Amy rode home in sulking in silence, upset she couldn't get the shirt.	answer: negative
event: Tom's teeth are crooked starts before he gets braces story: Tom needed to get braces. He was afraid of them. The dentist assured him everything would be fine. Tom had them on for a while. Once removed he felt it was worth it.	answer: positive
event: Tom's teeth are crooked starts after he gets braces story: Tom needed to get braces. He was afraid of them. The dentist assured him everything would be fine. Tom had them on for a while. Once removed he felt it was worth it.	answer: negative
event: Ben was very coordinated. starts before Ben wanted to learn how to practice ballet. story: Ben wanted to learn how to practice ballet. He was embarrassed because he knew his friends would make fun of him. So, he decided he was going to take a class a town over. On his first day, Ben walked into class and was shocked. There in the studio was his best friend Alex ready to start the class!	answer: positive
event: Ben was very coordinated. starts after Ben wanted to learn how to practice ballet. story: Ben wanted to learn how to practice ballet. He was embarrassed because he knew his friends would make fun of him. So, he decided he was going to take a class a town over. On his first day, Ben walked into class and was shocked. There in the studio was his best friend Alex ready to start the class!	answer: negative
event: a new restaurant opened up starts before Kelly was excited to check out the new restaurant story: Kelly was excited to check out the new restaurant in town. She made reservations for her and a friend for that evening. When they got to the restaurant they waited a long time for a table. The waitress mixed up their orders and brought them the wrong dinners. Kelly decided not to eat at that restaurant again.	answer: positive
event: a new restaurant opened up starts after Kelly was excited to check out the new restaurant story: Kelly was excited to check out the new restaurant in town. She made reservations for her and a friend for that evening. When they got to the restaurant they waited a long time for a table. The waitress mixed up their orders and brought them the wrong dinners. Kelly decided not to eat at that restaurant again.	answer: negative
event: Miller's wife agreed to a divorce starts before He be so much happier without her story: Miller was married for a long time. His wife was not nice. He wanted a life free of her. He decided to ask for a divorce. He was so much happier without her.	answer: positive
event: Miller's wife agreed to a divorce starts after He be so much happier without her story: Miller was married for a long time. His wife was not nice. He wanted a life free of her. He decided to ask for a divorce. He was so much happier without her.	answer: negative
event: Sam is alive. starts before I ask him why on earth would he jump off the balcony story: "My son, Sam, was upstairs making all types of racket." I was downstairs when I saw Sam jump off the balcony. I ran towards him and caught my beloved child in mid-air. I asked him why on earth would he jump off the balcony. Sam said that I'm always saying I would never let him fall.	answer: positive
event: Sam is alive. starts after I ask him why on earth would he jump off the balcony story: "My son, Sam, was upstairs making all types of racket." I was downstairs when I saw Sam jump off the balcony. I ran towards him and caught my beloved child in mid-air. I asked him why on earth would he jump off the balcony. Sam said that I'm always saying I would never let him fall.	answer: negative
event: Lisa was sad starts before So she go home story: Lisa went to the fair. She really wanted to go. "But when she got the fair, it was cash only." She was disappointed. So she went home.	answer: positive
event: Lisa was sad starts after So she go home story: Lisa went to the fair. She really wanted to go. "But when she got the fair, it was cash only." She was disappointed. So she went home.	answer: negative
event: Mickey liked strawberry ice cream starts before Mickey want strawberry ice cream story: Mickey wanted strawberry ice cream. The ice cream shop was out of strawberry ice cream. Mickey had to choose between chocolate and vanilla. He decided on chocolate. Mickey was less than satisfied with his ice cream.	answer: positive
event: Mickey liked strawberry ice cream starts after Mickey want strawberry ice cream story: Mickey wanted strawberry ice cream. The ice cream shop was out of strawberry ice cream. Mickey had to choose between chocolate and vanilla. He decided on chocolate. Mickey was less than satisfied with his ice cream.	answer: negative
event: Nancy tried a cigarette starts before Her best friend smoke as well story: Nancy was a cigarette smoker. Her best friend smoked as well. "As they got older, Nancy's friend got cancer." Nancy became alarmed and treated it as a wake up call. Nancy quit smoking after her friend died.	answer: positive
event: Nancy tried a cigarette starts after Her best friend smoke as well story: Nancy was a cigarette smoker. Her best friend smoked as well. "As they got older, Nancy's friend got cancer." Nancy became alarmed and treated it as a wake up call. Nancy quit smoking after her friend died.	answer: negative
event: Tom worries that braces aren't worth it starts before The dentist assure him everything would be fine story: Tom needed to get braces. He was afraid of them. The dentist assured him everything would be fine. Tom had them on for a while. Once removed he felt it was worth it.	answer: positive
event: Tom worries that braces aren't worth it starts after The dentist assure him everything would be fine story: Tom needed to get braces. He was afraid of them. The dentist assured him everything would be fine. Tom had them on for a while. Once removed he felt it was worth it.	answer: negative
event: Lisa had a credit card with her starts before she went to the fair story: Lisa went to the fair. She really wanted to go. "But when she got the fair, it was cash only." She was disappointed. So she went home.	answer: positive
event: Lisa had a credit card with her starts after she went to the fair story: Lisa went to the fair. She really wanted to go. "But when she got the fair, it was cash only." She was disappointed. So she went home.	answer: negative
event: The doctor examined Ryan's toe starts before They do surgery on it story: Ryan woke up one morning with a swollen foot. His mom took him to the doctor to see what was wrong. The doctor told him it looked like his toe was infected. They had to do surgery on it. Ryan felt better the next morning.	answer: positive
event: The doctor examined Ryan's toe starts after They do surgery on it story: Ryan woke up one morning with a swollen foot. His mom took him to the doctor to see what was wrong. The doctor told him it looked like his toe was infected. They had to do surgery on it. Ryan felt better the next morning.	answer: negative
event: Rubber erasers are the most proper type. starts before I remain determined to succeed in my quest story: I have a thing about pencil erasers. I hate the plastic ones that don't really erase. I am in search of a brand that only uses proper rubber erasers. I haven't found one yet. I remain determined to succeed in my quest.	answer: positive
event: Rubber erasers are the most proper type. starts after I remain determined to succeed in my quest story: I have a thing about pencil erasers. I hate the plastic ones that don't really erase. I am in search of a brand that only uses proper rubber erasers. I haven't found one yet. I remain determined to succeed in my quest.	answer: negative
event: Mike was unhappy. starts before So he tell the waiter about it story: Mike was at a burger restaurant. And he ordered a cheeseburger and a milkshake. But he noticed that there was hair in his burger. So he told the waiter about it. Mike wasn't given a new burger and he left.	answer: positive
event: Mike was unhappy. starts after So he tell the waiter about it story: Mike was at a burger restaurant. And he ordered a cheeseburger and a milkshake. But he noticed that there was hair in his burger. So he told the waiter about it. Mike wasn't given a new burger and he left.	answer: negative
event: Bob went kayaking anyway, and had a good time. starts before the water was icy cold story: Bob pushed his kayak into the water. The water was icy cold. Bob stepped into the water. Bob screamed at the icy water. Bob dropped his paddle.	answer: positive
event: Bob went kayaking anyway, and had a good time. starts after the water was icy cold story: Bob pushed his kayak into the water. The water was icy cold. Bob stepped into the water. Bob screamed at the icy water. Bob dropped his paddle.	answer: negative
event: Rick got married. starts before Rick's kids were nine and eleven. story: Rick's kids were nine and eleven. He decided they were old enough to get an allowance. He wanted them to understand the value of money. "He assigned them chores each week, then paid them for their work." In this way Rick's kids made money and learned the value of hard work!	answer: positive
event: Rick got married. starts after Rick's kids were nine and eleven. story: Rick's kids were nine and eleven. He decided they were old enough to get an allowance. He wanted them to understand the value of money. "He assigned them chores each week, then paid them for their work." In this way Rick's kids made money and learned the value of hard work!	answer: negative
event: Ash mowed lawns all summer starts before Ash buy the perfect board story: "Ash, a middle school kid, really wanted a new skateboard." He decided to start mowing lawns in the neighborhood for cash. By the end of the summer he had saved up quite a bit. Ash went and bought the perfect board. Ash felt good about what he had accomplished.	answer: positive
event: Ash mowed lawns all summer starts after Ash buy the perfect board story: "Ash, a middle school kid, really wanted a new skateboard." He decided to start mowing lawns in the neighborhood for cash. By the end of the summer he had saved up quite a bit. Ash went and bought the perfect board. Ash felt good about what he had accomplished.	answer: negative
event: Jeremy's boombox was taken away starts before They give him suspension story: Jeremy brought his boombox to school. Everyone was very confused. He started playing it very loud. Teachers got angry and got security. They gave him suspension.	answer: positive
event: Jeremy's boombox was taken away starts after They give him suspension story: Jeremy brought his boombox to school. Everyone was very confused. He started playing it very loud. Teachers got angry and got security. They gave him suspension.	answer: negative
event: I started studying for the test very late. starts before I did not do a single question on the test. story: I had been up very late studying for a test. "I went to class to take the test, feeling tired." My eyes were about to close as the teacher handed me the test. I decided to put my head on my desk and rest for a bit. I fell asleep without doing a single question on the test.	answer: positive
event: I started studying for the test very late. starts after I did not do a single question on the test. story: I had been up very late studying for a test. "I went to class to take the test, feeling tired." My eyes were about to close as the teacher handed me the test. I decided to put my head on my desk and rest for a bit. I fell asleep without doing a single question on the test.	answer: negative
event: James has experienced may tornadoes in texas starts before He buy a tornado shelter story: James lives in Texas. Texas is prone to tornados. James prepared for this. He bought a tornado shelter. So when a tornado strikes he will be safe.	answer: positive
event: James has experienced may tornadoes in texas starts after He buy a tornado shelter story: James lives in Texas. Texas is prone to tornados. James prepared for this. He bought a tornado shelter. So when a tornado strikes he will be safe.	answer: negative
event: Mitch got another cup of water ends after his cup  shattered on the floor story: Mitch built a coffee table using cheap tools. "Because of his cheap tools, the table looked slightly off." When he put a cup of water on the table he saw it was not level. The cup slowly slid off the table. Mitch watched the cup fall off and shatter on the floor.	answer: positive
event: Mitch got another cup of water ends before his cup  shattered on the floor story: Mitch built a coffee table using cheap tools. "Because of his cheap tools, the table looked slightly off." When he put a cup of water on the table he saw it was not level. The cup slowly slid off the table. Mitch watched the cup fall off and shatter on the floor.	answer: negative
event: Grandma was on her best wear ends before I try to calm her down throughout the ride story: Grandma decided to go on the roller coaster with us. Although the roller coaster didn't move yet, she was scared. I tried to calm her down throughout the ride, but she wasn't relaxed. In addition, she screamed when the roller-coaster went down the peak. Before getting out, she took a few minutes to breathe.	answer: positive
event: Grandma was on her best wear ends after I try to calm her down throughout the ride story: Grandma decided to go on the roller coaster with us. Although the roller coaster didn't move yet, she was scared. I tried to calm her down throughout the ride, but she wasn't relaxed. In addition, she screamed when the roller-coaster went down the peak. Before getting out, she took a few minutes to breathe.	answer: negative
event: Sarah is a good mother. ends after She begin to think all boys were rude and mean story: Sarah was in the first grade when she began to dislike boys. During that year she was held face down in the snow by a boy bully. Through the Year's following she was teased a lot by boys. She began to think all boys were rude and mean. "Not anymore, because now she teaches her son how not to be a rude boy."	answer: positive
event: Sarah is a good mother. ends before She begin to think all boys were rude and mean story: Sarah was in the first grade when she began to dislike boys. During that year she was held face down in the snow by a boy bully. Through the Year's following she was teased a lot by boys. She began to think all boys were rude and mean. "Not anymore, because now she teaches her son how not to be a rude boy."	answer: negative
event: There is a vacant seat near the smartest girl. ends after Connie not study for her exams story: Connie has not studied for her exams. In a panic she sits near the smartest girl in glass. As the exam is handed out she slowly works through her exam. She's copying the girl next to her. Connie gets caught and is expelled from university.	answer: positive
event: There is a vacant seat near the smartest girl. ends before Connie not study for her exams story: Connie has not studied for her exams. In a panic she sits near the smartest girl in glass. As the exam is handed out she slowly works through her exam. She's copying the girl next to her. Connie gets caught and is expelled from university.	answer: negative
event: She thought about how much money she had ends before she decided to donate story: Margaret was walking through town. She noticed a store window with an ad for a family shelter. The pictures of kids really struck a chord in her heart. She decided to donate. She walked inside and began the process.	answer: positive
event: She thought about how much money she had ends after she decided to donate story: Margaret was walking through town. She noticed a store window with an ad for a family shelter. The pictures of kids really struck a chord in her heart. She decided to donate. She walked inside and began the process.	answer: negative
event: I did not know what he was doing up there. ends after I saw Sam jump off the balcony story: "My son, Sam, was upstairs making all types of racket." I was downstairs when I saw Sam jump off the balcony. I ran towards him and caught my beloved child in mid-air. I asked him why on earth would he jump off the balcony. Sam said that I'm always saying I would never let him fall.	answer: positive
event: I did not know what he was doing up there. ends before I saw Sam jump off the balcony story: "My son, Sam, was upstairs making all types of racket." I was downstairs when I saw Sam jump off the balcony. I ran towards him and caught my beloved child in mid-air. I asked him why on earth would he jump off the balcony. Sam said that I'm always saying I would never let him fall.	answer: negative
event: He regretted going on the hike. ends after Fred go on a hike by himself story: Fred went on a hike by himself. "Halfway through the hike, he saw a moose." The moose started walking towards him. "Terrified, Fred sprinted back." He decided he was too scared to go back into the woods.	answer: positive
event: He regretted going on the hike. ends before Fred go on a hike by himself story: Fred went on a hike by himself. "Halfway through the hike, he saw a moose." The moose started walking towards him. "Terrified, Fred sprinted back." He decided he was too scared to go back into the woods.	answer: negative
event: Nellie is disheartened by her short entries ends before she starts writing better entries story: Nellie decided to keep a diary. She wrote in it every day after school. At first her entries were stilted and brief. "But gradually, she started to write longer and more detailed entries." Soon Nellie had come to think of her diary as her best friend!	answer: positive
event: Nellie is disheartened by her short entries ends after she starts writing better entries story: Nellie decided to keep a diary. She wrote in it every day after school. At first her entries were stilted and brief. "But gradually, she started to write longer and more detailed entries." Soon Nellie had come to think of her diary as her best friend!	answer: negative
event: Troy moved out of his own country. ends before He visit his family story: Troy had not seen his family in years. Troy had been living in another country. He longed to see his family. He bought a plane ticket. He visited his family on Thanksgiving.	answer: positive
event: Troy moved out of his own country. ends after He visit his family story: Troy had not seen his family in years. Troy had been living in another country. He longed to see his family. He bought a plane ticket. He visited his family on Thanksgiving.	answer: negative
event: My daughter tries to lift one dumbbell at a time ends before she cannot lift them off the floor story: My daughter likes to work out with me when I do exercises. After I do an exercise she will try to mimic it. When I do military presses with dumbbells she also tries. But she cannot even lift them off the floor. This always makes me feel very strong for some reason.	answer: positive
event: My daughter tries to lift one dumbbell at a time ends after she cannot lift them off the floor story: My daughter likes to work out with me when I do exercises. After I do an exercise she will try to mimic it. When I do military presses with dumbbells she also tries. But she cannot even lift them off the floor. This always makes me feel very strong for some reason.	answer: negative
event: Allie boarded the plane alone ends before her cousin and aunt be there to greet her story: Allie promised her cousin she would visit him this summer. She had packed her favorite toys and games to play with her cousin. When she finished packing her dad drove Allie to the airport. This would be her first airplane ride alone to visit her cousin. When her airplane landed her cousin and aunt was there to greet her.	answer: positive
event: Allie boarded the plane alone ends after her cousin and aunt be there to greet her story: Allie promised her cousin she would visit him this summer. She had packed her favorite toys and games to play with her cousin. When she finished packing her dad drove Allie to the airport. This would be her first airplane ride alone to visit her cousin. When her airplane landed her cousin and aunt was there to greet her.	answer: negative
event: Ash mowed lawns all summer ends after He decide to start mowing lawns in the neighborhood for cash story: "Ash, a middle school kid, really wanted a new skateboard." He decided to start mowing lawns in the neighborhood for cash. By the end of the summer he had saved up quite a bit. Ash went and bought the perfect board. Ash felt good about what he had accomplished.	answer: positive
event: Ash mowed lawns all summer ends before He decide to start mowing lawns in the neighborhood for cash story: "Ash, a middle school kid, really wanted a new skateboard." He decided to start mowing lawns in the neighborhood for cash. By the end of the summer he had saved up quite a bit. Ash went and bought the perfect board. Ash felt good about what he had accomplished.	answer: negative
event: The boys parents met. ends before the ball was thrown. story: I was throwing the baseball with my son. He threw one past me that landed in the lake. I reached in to get the ball. I lost my balance and fell in. I got the ball and a bath all in one shot!	answer: positive
event: The boys parents met. ends after the ball was thrown. story: I was throwing the baseball with my son. He threw one past me that landed in the lake. I reached in to get the ball. I lost my balance and fell in. I got the ball and a bath all in one shot!	answer: negative
event: Test can afford the necklace ends after Test go to the store story: Tara always wanted jewelry. Her birthday was coming up. Test went to the store. He gave her a really nice necklace She adored him for the gift.	answer: positive
event: Test can afford the necklace ends before Test go to the store story: Tara always wanted jewelry. Her birthday was coming up. Test went to the store. He gave her a really nice necklace She adored him for the gift.	answer: negative
event: a new restaurant opened up ends before Kelly was exited to check out the new restaurant story: Kelly was excited to check out the new restaurant in town. She made reservations for her and a friend for that evening. When they got to the restaurant they waited a long time for a table. The waitress mixed up their orders and brought them the wrong dinners. Kelly decided not to eat at that restaurant again.	answer: positive
event: a new restaurant opened up ends after Kelly was exited to check out the new restaurant story: Kelly was excited to check out the new restaurant in town. She made reservations for her and a friend for that evening. When they got to the restaurant they waited a long time for a table. The waitress mixed up their orders and brought them the wrong dinners. Kelly decided not to eat at that restaurant again.	answer: negative
event: Jeb came to Michael's house ends after He turn it story: Michael bought a computer. He turned it on. He could not figure out how to use it. He called his friend Jeb. Jeb showed him how to use it and he had fun!	answer: positive
event: Jeb came to Michael's house ends before He turn it story: Michael bought a computer. He turned it on. He could not figure out how to use it. He called his friend Jeb. Jeb showed him how to use it and he had fun!	answer: negative
event: Ryan was asleep. ends before They do surgery on it story: Ryan woke up one morning with a swollen foot. His mom took him to the doctor to see what was wrong. The doctor told him it looked like his toe was infected. They had to do surgery on it. Ryan felt better the next morning.	answer: positive
event: Ryan was asleep. ends after They do surgery on it story: Ryan woke up one morning with a swollen foot. His mom took him to the doctor to see what was wrong. The doctor told him it looked like his toe was infected. They had to do surgery on it. Ryan felt better the next morning.	answer: negative
event: Bob's house filled with smoke. ends after Without the house burn story: Bob needed batteries for his flashlight. He decided to use the batteries in his fire detector. He decided to take a nap after putting the batteries in. Unfortunately, the gas light in his attic ignited. Without a fire detector, the house burned down and Bob burned with it.	answer: positive
event: Bob's house filled with smoke. ends before Without the house burn story: Bob needed batteries for his flashlight. He decided to use the batteries in his fire detector. He decided to take a nap after putting the batteries in. Unfortunately, the gas light in his attic ignited. Without a fire detector, the house burned down and Bob burned with it.	answer: negative
event: Stanton was scoring runs again ends after Stanton could no longer hit home runs story: Stanton had been hitting home runs all of his career. Suddenly Stanton could no longer hit home runs. He asked his hitting coach for help. Stanton put an a lot of extra hours with his hitting coach. Stanton started hitting home runs again!	answer: positive
event: Stanton was scoring runs again ends before Stanton could no longer hit home runs story: Stanton had been hitting home runs all of his career. Suddenly Stanton could no longer hit home runs. He asked his hitting coach for help. Stanton put an a lot of extra hours with his hitting coach. Stanton started hitting home runs again!	answer: negative
event: Sam is alive. ends after I be downstairs story: "My son, Sam, was upstairs making all types of racket." I was downstairs when I saw Sam jump off the balcony. I ran towards him and caught my beloved child in mid-air. I asked him why on earth would he jump off the balcony. Sam said that I'm always saying I would never let him fall.	answer: positive
event: Sam is alive. ends before I be downstairs story: "My son, Sam, was upstairs making all types of racket." I was downstairs when I saw Sam jump off the balcony. I ran towards him and caught my beloved child in mid-air. I asked him why on earth would he jump off the balcony. Sam said that I'm always saying I would never let him fall.	answer: negative
event: Tom's teeth are crooked ends before he felt it was worth it story: Tom needed to get braces. He was afraid of them. The dentist assured him everything would be fine. Tom had them on for a while. Once removed he felt it was worth it.	answer: positive
event: Tom's teeth are crooked ends after he felt it was worth it story: Tom needed to get braces. He was afraid of them. The dentist assured him everything would be fine. Tom had them on for a while. Once removed he felt it was worth it.	answer: negative
event: Bob's body was unrecognizable. ends after the gas light in his attic ignited story: Bob needed batteries for his flashlight. He decided to use the batteries in his fire detector. He decided to take a nap after putting the batteries in. Unfortunately, the gas light in his attic ignited. Without a fire detector, the house burned down and Bob burned with it.	answer: positive
event: Bob's body was unrecognizable. ends before the gas light in his attic ignited story: Bob needed batteries for his flashlight. He decided to use the batteries in his fire detector. He decided to take a nap after putting the batteries in. Unfortunately, the gas light in his attic ignited. Without a fire detector, the house burned down and Bob burned with it.	answer: negative
event: Joshua is a college student. ends after Joshua could n't afford the assigned textbooks story: Joshua couldn't afford the assigned textbooks. His college textbooks were going to cost over 500 dollars. He knew that a similar amount would be expected in future quarters. Joshua had to decide between stealing them and switching majors. Joshua made the choice that felt right and just.	answer: positive
event: Joshua is a college student. ends before Joshua could n't afford the assigned textbooks story: Joshua couldn't afford the assigned textbooks. His college textbooks were going to cost over 500 dollars. He knew that a similar amount would be expected in future quarters. Joshua had to decide between stealing them and switching majors. Joshua made the choice that felt right and just.	answer: negative
event: Troy drove to the airport. ends before he visited his family. story: Troy had not seen his family in years. Troy had been living in another country. He longed to see his family. He bought a plane ticket. He visited his family on Thanksgiving.	answer: positive
event: Troy drove to the airport. ends after he visited his family. story: Troy had not seen his family in years. Troy had been living in another country. He longed to see his family. He bought a plane ticket. He visited his family on Thanksgiving.	answer: negative
event: Bob went kayaking anyway, and had a good time. ends after Bob scream at the icy water story: Bob pushed his kayak into the water. The water was icy cold. Bob stepped into the water. Bob screamed at the icy water. Bob dropped his paddle.	answer: positive
event: Bob went kayaking anyway, and had a good time. ends before Bob scream at the icy water story: Bob pushed his kayak into the water. The water was icy cold. Bob stepped into the water. Bob screamed at the icy water. Bob dropped his paddle.	answer: negative
event: I felt exhausted. ends after I fell asleep. story: I had been up very late studying for a test. "I went to class to take the test, feeling tired." My eyes were about to close as the teacher handed me the test. I decided to put my head on my desk and rest for a bit. I fell asleep without doing a single question on the test.	answer: positive
event: I felt exhausted. ends before I fell asleep. story: I had been up very late studying for a test. "I went to class to take the test, feeling tired." My eyes were about to close as the teacher handed me the test. I decided to put my head on my desk and rest for a bit. I fell asleep without doing a single question on the test.	answer: negative
event: Teddy wants to reconnect with his son. ends after The two drift apart story: Teddy wants to do something special with his son. The two had drifted apart lately. Teddy decided he would take him fishing. The two headed for the lake. Teddy and his son bonded and had a great fishing trip.	answer: positive
event: Teddy wants to reconnect with his son. ends before The two drift apart story: Teddy wants to do something special with his son. The two had drifted apart lately. Teddy decided he would take him fishing. The two headed for the lake. Teddy and his son bonded and had a great fishing trip.	answer: negative
event: Tom heard his friend say he was not gay ends after he notice someone else asking story: Tom thought his new friend was gay. He never directly asked. One day he noticed someone else asking. Tom's friend wasn't actually gay. Tom felt relieved that he never brought it up.	answer: positive
event: Tom heard his friend say he was not gay ends before he notice someone else asking story: Tom thought his new friend was gay. He never directly asked. One day he noticed someone else asking. Tom's friend wasn't actually gay. Tom felt relieved that he never brought it up.	answer: negative
event: Maggie returns home ends after she sees there is nobody there story: Maggie had plans to see a concert. She arrived at the theater on time. "For some reason, there was nobody there." She opened her phone to check for any notices. "Then, she discovered that the concert had been cancelled."	answer: positive
event: Maggie returns home ends before she sees there is nobody there story: Maggie had plans to see a concert. She arrived at the theater on time. "For some reason, there was nobody there." She opened her phone to check for any notices. "Then, she discovered that the concert had been cancelled."	answer: negative
event: Lisa never went to a fair again ends after Lisa go to the fair story: Lisa went to the fair. She really wanted to go. "But when she got the fair, it was cash only." She was disappointed. So she went home.	answer: positive
event: Lisa never went to a fair again ends before Lisa go to the fair story: Lisa went to the fair. She really wanted to go. "But when she got the fair, it was cash only." She was disappointed. So she went home.	answer: negative
event: Teddy and his family arrived at the train station ends before Teddy look out the window with glee story: Teddy was happy to be going with his family on a trip. He had never been on a train before. They boarded and found their seats. Teddy looked out the window with glee. He was having such a great time.	answer: positive
event: Teddy and his family arrived at the train station ends after Teddy look out the window with glee story: Teddy was happy to be going with his family on a trip. He had never been on a train before. They boarded and found their seats. Teddy looked out the window with glee. He was having such a great time.	answer: negative
event: James moved away from Texas ends after He buy a tornado shelter story: James lives in Texas. Texas is prone to tornados. James prepared for this. He bought a tornado shelter. So when a tornado strikes he will be safe.	answer: positive
event: James moved away from Texas ends before He buy a tornado shelter story: James lives in Texas. Texas is prone to tornados. James prepared for this. He bought a tornado shelter. So when a tornado strikes he will be safe.	answer: negative
event: someone went first ends after Gina stopped at a 4 way stop sign story: Gina was stopped at a 4 way stop sign. She didn't remember who arrived first. All the drivers seemed to be unsure. They were all looking at each other. Everyone was waiting for the other person to go first.	answer: positive
event: someone went first ends before Gina stopped at a 4 way stop sign story: Gina was stopped at a 4 way stop sign. She didn't remember who arrived first. All the drivers seemed to be unsure. They were all looking at each other. Everyone was waiting for the other person to go first.	answer: negative
event: The customers loved Fred's tacos. ends after Fred love tacos story: Fred loved tacos. Because of that he decided to start a business. He created a taco tent. Fred was pretty into it. He ended up doing very well too.	answer: positive
event: The customers loved Fred's tacos. ends before Fred love tacos story: Fred loved tacos. Because of that he decided to start a business. He created a taco tent. Fred was pretty into it. He ended up doing very well too.	answer: negative
event: His new phone became unusable. ends after Sam buy a new phone story: Sam bought a new phone. He left it charging overnight. The battery exploded and caused a small fire. Sam sued the company and had his things replaced. "He got a different kind of phone, though."	answer: positive
event: His new phone became unusable. ends before Sam buy a new phone story: Sam bought a new phone. He left it charging overnight. The battery exploded and caused a small fire. Sam sued the company and had his things replaced. "He got a different kind of phone, though."	answer: negative
event: Nellie is a student ends after she writes in the diary story: Nellie decided to keep a diary. She wrote in it every day after school. At first her entries were stilted and brief. "But gradually, she started to write longer and more detailed entries." Soon Nellie had come to think of her diary as her best friend!	answer: positive
event: Nellie is a student ends before she writes in the diary story: Nellie decided to keep a diary. She wrote in it every day after school. At first her entries were stilted and brief. "But gradually, she started to write longer and more detailed entries." Soon Nellie had come to think of her diary as her best friend!	answer: negative
event: Stanton's hitting coach watched Stanton swing the bat ends after Stanton put an a lot of extra hours with his hitting coach story: Stanton had been hitting home runs all of his career. Suddenly Stanton could no longer hit home runs. He asked his hitting coach for help. Stanton put an a lot of extra hours with his hitting coach. Stanton started hitting home runs again!	answer: positive
event: Stanton's hitting coach watched Stanton swing the bat ends before Stanton put an a lot of extra hours with his hitting coach story: Stanton had been hitting home runs all of his career. Suddenly Stanton could no longer hit home runs. He asked his hitting coach for help. Stanton put an a lot of extra hours with his hitting coach. Stanton started hitting home runs again!	answer: negative
event: Mitch was sad ends after Mitch watch the cup fall off and shatter on the floor story: Mitch built a coffee table using cheap tools. "Because of his cheap tools, the table looked slightly off." When he put a cup of water on the table he saw it was not level. The cup slowly slid off the table. Mitch watched the cup fall off and shatter on the floor.	answer: positive
event: Mitch was sad ends before Mitch watch the cup fall off and shatter on the floor story: Mitch built a coffee table using cheap tools. "Because of his cheap tools, the table looked slightly off." When he put a cup of water on the table he saw it was not level. The cup slowly slid off the table. Mitch watched the cup fall off and shatter on the floor.	answer: negative
event: The teacher was annoyed with Tim ends after A friend keep trying to text him story: Tim had his phone in class. He forgot to put it on silent. A friend kept trying to text him. Tim was caught fiddling with it. The teacher took it away for the day.	answer: positive
event: The teacher was annoyed with Tim ends before A friend keep trying to text him story: Tim had his phone in class. He forgot to put it on silent. A friend kept trying to text him. Tim was caught fiddling with it. The teacher took it away for the day.	answer: negative
event: Ryan showed his mom his swollen foot ends before his mom took him to the doctor story: Ryan woke up one morning with a swollen foot. His mom took him to the doctor to see what was wrong. The doctor told him it looked like his toe was infected. They had to do surgery on it. Ryan felt better the next morning.	answer: positive
event: Ryan showed his mom his swollen foot ends after his mom took him to the doctor story: Ryan woke up one morning with a swollen foot. His mom took him to the doctor to see what was wrong. The doctor told him it looked like his toe was infected. They had to do surgery on it. Ryan felt better the next morning.	answer: negative
event: Amy was holding a shirt that showed her belly button. ends before Her mother put the shirt away story: Amy was going school shopping with her mom. She wanted to get a shirt that showed her belly button. Her mother put the shirt away and wouldn't buy it. Amy begged, but her mom wouldn't budge. Amy rode home in sulking in silence, upset she couldn't get the shirt.	answer: positive
event: Amy was holding a shirt that showed her belly button. ends after Her mother put the shirt away story: Amy was going school shopping with her mom. She wanted to get a shirt that showed her belly button. Her mother put the shirt away and wouldn't buy it. Amy begged, but her mom wouldn't budge. Amy rode home in sulking in silence, upset she couldn't get the shirt.	answer: negative
event: Sarah felt sad ends after she held face down in the snow by a boy bully story: Sarah was in the first grade when she began to dislike boys. During that year she was held face down in the snow by a boy bully. Through the Year's following she was teased a lot by boys. She began to think all boys were rude and mean. "Not anymore, because now she teaches her son how not to be a rude boy."	answer: positive
event: Sarah felt sad ends before she held face down in the snow by a boy bully story: Sarah was in the first grade when she began to dislike boys. During that year she was held face down in the snow by a boy bully. Through the Year's following she was teased a lot by boys. She began to think all boys were rude and mean. "Not anymore, because now she teaches her son how not to be a rude boy."	answer: negative
event: the waitress asked them for their orders ends before the waitress mixed up their orders story: Kelly was excited to check out the new restaurant in town. She made reservations for her and a friend for that evening. When they got to the restaurant they waited a long time for a table. The waitress mixed up their orders and brought them the wrong dinners. Kelly decided not to eat at that restaurant again.	answer: positive
event: the waitress asked them for their orders ends after the waitress mixed up their orders story: Kelly was excited to check out the new restaurant in town. She made reservations for her and a friend for that evening. When they got to the restaurant they waited a long time for a table. The waitress mixed up their orders and brought them the wrong dinners. Kelly decided not to eat at that restaurant again.	answer: negative
event: Mike was hungry. ends after Mike be at a burger restaurant story: Mike was at a burger restaurant. And he ordered a cheeseburger and a milkshake. But he noticed that there was hair in his burger. So he told the waiter about it. Mike wasn't given a new burger and he left.	answer: positive
event: Mike was hungry. ends before Mike be at a burger restaurant story: Mike was at a burger restaurant. And he ordered a cheeseburger and a milkshake. But he noticed that there was hair in his burger. So he told the waiter about it. Mike wasn't given a new burger and he left.	answer: negative
event: Gemma is happy with the stray she adopted ends after being diagnosed with GAD story: The doctor diagnosed Gemma with GAD. Her panic attacks made her life difficult. She went to the ASPCA to get a pet. "After not finding any suitable pets, she walked home." "On her way home, she found an adorable stray and adopted it."	answer: positive
event: Gemma is happy with the stray she adopted ends before being diagnosed with GAD story: The doctor diagnosed Gemma with GAD. Her panic attacks made her life difficult. She went to the ASPCA to get a pet. "After not finding any suitable pets, she walked home." "On her way home, she found an adorable stray and adopted it."	answer: negative
event: Other people were also able to tell the twins apart by the hat ends after The teacher could n't tell them apart story: The twins dressed the same. They went to school. The teacher couldn't tell them apart. She gave one of the twins a hat. One of the twins wore the hat for that year.	answer: positive
event: Other people were also able to tell the twins apart by the hat ends before The teacher could n't tell them apart story: The twins dressed the same. They went to school. The teacher couldn't tell them apart. She gave one of the twins a hat. One of the twins wore the hat for that year.	answer: negative
event: Josie felt sad ends after All her friends go story: Josie couldn't find a date for prom. All her friends were going. Her friends started trying to find her a date. "In the end, her friends decided they didn't want dates either." They all went together in a group!	answer: positive
event: Josie felt sad ends before All her friends go story: Josie couldn't find a date for prom. All her friends were going. Her friends started trying to find her a date. "In the end, her friends decided they didn't want dates either." They all went together in a group!	answer: negative
event: Tiffani had finished summer vacation ends before They all loosen story: Tiffani was starting school. It was her first day of junior high. She was very nervous about how she would fit in. All of the kids were also nervous. They all loosened up as the day went on.	answer: positive
event: Tiffani had finished summer vacation ends after They all loosen story: Tiffani was starting school. It was her first day of junior high. She was very nervous about how she would fit in. All of the kids were also nervous. They all loosened up as the day went on.	answer: negative
event: Joe put on his police uniform. ends before Joe was patrolling the streets of the city in his cruiser story: Joe was a police officer. Joe was patrolling the streets of the city in his cruiser. "Suddenly, Joe was alerted to a crime happening near him by dispatch." Joe responded to the scene and found a bank robber fleeing on foot. Joe arrested the criminal and was promoted.	answer: positive
event: Joe put on his police uniform. ends after Joe was patrolling the streets of the city in his cruiser story: Joe was a police officer. Joe was patrolling the streets of the city in his cruiser. "Suddenly, Joe was alerted to a crime happening near him by dispatch." Joe responded to the scene and found a bank robber fleeing on foot. Joe arrested the criminal and was promoted.	answer: negative
event: The doctor examined Ryan's toe ends after His mom take him to the doctor to see what was wrong story: Ryan woke up one morning with a swollen foot. His mom took him to the doctor to see what was wrong. The doctor told him it looked like his toe was infected. They had to do surgery on it. Ryan felt better the next morning.	answer: positive
event: The doctor examined Ryan's toe ends before His mom take him to the doctor to see what was wrong story: Ryan woke up one morning with a swollen foot. His mom took him to the doctor to see what was wrong. The doctor told him it looked like his toe was infected. They had to do surgery on it. Ryan felt better the next morning.	answer: negative
event: Josie wore a prom dress ends after they all went together in a group story: Josie couldn't find a date for prom. All her friends were going. Her friends started trying to find her a date. "In the end, her friends decided they didn't want dates either." They all went together in a group!	answer: positive
event: Josie wore a prom dress ends before they all went together in a group story: Josie couldn't find a date for prom. All her friends were going. Her friends started trying to find her a date. "In the end, her friends decided they didn't want dates either." They all went together in a group!	answer: negative
event: My teammate avoided all the defenders/guards. ends before he scored a touchdown story: The ball was thrown to me. There was 11 seconds left and I decided to run with the ball. Since two guards were running toward me, I threw the ball. My teammate, who was open, caught the ball and ran. He scored a touchdown.	answer: positive
event: My teammate avoided all the defenders/guards. ends after he scored a touchdown story: The ball was thrown to me. There was 11 seconds left and I decided to run with the ball. Since two guards were running toward me, I threw the ball. My teammate, who was open, caught the ball and ran. He scored a touchdown.	answer: negative
event: Tom's friend says he is not gay  ends before Tom's friend wasn't actually gay. story: Tom thought his new friend was gay. He never directly asked. One day he noticed someone else asking. Tom's friend wasn't actually gay. Tom felt relieved that he never brought it up.	answer: positive
event: Tom's friend says he is not gay  ends after Tom's friend wasn't actually gay. story: Tom thought his new friend was gay. He never directly asked. One day he noticed someone else asking. Tom's friend wasn't actually gay. Tom felt relieved that he never brought it up.	answer: negative
event: Plastic erasers are worse than rubber erasers in my opinion. ends after I have a thing about pencil erasers story: I have a thing about pencil erasers. I hate the plastic ones that don't really erase. I am in search of a brand that only uses proper rubber erasers. I haven't found one yet. I remain determined to succeed in my quest.	answer: positive
event: Plastic erasers are worse than rubber erasers in my opinion. ends before I have a thing about pencil erasers story: I have a thing about pencil erasers. I hate the plastic ones that don't really erase. I am in search of a brand that only uses proper rubber erasers. I haven't found one yet. I remain determined to succeed in my quest.	answer: negative
event: The twins are exactly the same age ends after the teacher gave one of them a hat story: The twins dressed the same. They went to school. The teacher couldn't tell them apart. She gave one of the twins a hat. One of the twins wore the hat for that year.	answer: positive
event: The twins are exactly the same age ends before the teacher gave one of them a hat story: The twins dressed the same. They went to school. The teacher couldn't tell them apart. She gave one of the twins a hat. One of the twins wore the hat for that year.	answer: negative
event: Tim's friend has a phone ends after The teacher take it story: Tim had his phone in class. He forgot to put it on silent. A friend kept trying to text him. Tim was caught fiddling with it. The teacher took it away for the day.	answer: positive
event: Tim's friend has a phone ends before The teacher take it story: Tim had his phone in class. He forgot to put it on silent. A friend kept trying to text him. Tim was caught fiddling with it. The teacher took it away for the day.	answer: negative
event: Reese's brother acquired fireworks ends after Reese make an astronaut helmet for his younger brother story: Reese made an astronaut helmet for his younger brother. The brother tried it on and started playing pretend. Reese went outside hours later. His brother had strapped fireworks to the back of his bicycle. "As he lit the match, Reese ran out and yelled he wasn't an astronaut."	answer: positive
event: Reese's brother acquired fireworks ends before Reese make an astronaut helmet for his younger brother story: Reese made an astronaut helmet for his younger brother. The brother tried it on and started playing pretend. Reese went outside hours later. His brother had strapped fireworks to the back of his bicycle. "As he lit the match, Reese ran out and yelled he wasn't an astronaut."	answer: negative
event: Dina drove to the dealership ends after she went to the dealership story: Dina found an ad on the news for a cheap car. So Dina went to the dealership. She soon found out that the it was deceptive. The dealer only gave cheap cars for people with perfect credit. So Dina ditched the dealership.	answer: positive
event: Dina drove to the dealership ends before she went to the dealership story: Dina found an ad on the news for a cheap car. So Dina went to the dealership. She soon found out that the it was deceptive. The dealer only gave cheap cars for people with perfect credit. So Dina ditched the dealership.	answer: negative
event: My mom has a house ends after My moms toilet start leaking a few weeks ago story: My moms toilet started leaking a few weeks ago. She asked me to try and fix it but I didn't know how. Eventually the leak got even worse to the point of flooding. Her bathroom was flooded daily but we didn't know what to do! After awhile we turned the water off to the toilet and left it.	answer: positive
event: My mom has a house ends before My moms toilet start leaking a few weeks ago story: My moms toilet started leaking a few weeks ago. She asked me to try and fix it but I didn't know how. Eventually the leak got even worse to the point of flooding. Her bathroom was flooded daily but we didn't know what to do! After awhile we turned the water off to the toilet and left it.	answer: negative
event: Tim got his phone back ends after he forgot to put it on silent story: Tim had his phone in class. He forgot to put it on silent. A friend kept trying to text him. Tim was caught fiddling with it. The teacher took it away for the day.	answer: positive
event: Tim got his phone back ends before he forgot to put it on silent story: Tim had his phone in class. He forgot to put it on silent. A friend kept trying to text him. Tim was caught fiddling with it. The teacher took it away for the day.	answer: negative
event: Dina was angry. ends after Dina found an ad for a cheap car story: Dina found an ad on the news for a cheap car. So Dina went to the dealership. She soon found out that the it was deceptive. The dealer only gave cheap cars for people with perfect credit. So Dina ditched the dealership.	answer: positive
event: Dina was angry. ends before Dina found an ad for a cheap car story: Dina found an ad on the news for a cheap car. So Dina went to the dealership. She soon found out that the it was deceptive. The dealer only gave cheap cars for people with perfect credit. So Dina ditched the dealership.	answer: negative
event: My daughter asks me to help her lift weights ends after she also try story: My daughter likes to work out with me when I do exercises. After I do an exercise she will try to mimic it. When I do military presses with dumbbells she also tries. But she cannot even lift them off the floor. This always makes me feel very strong for some reason.	answer: positive
event: My daughter asks me to help her lift weights ends before she also try story: My daughter likes to work out with me when I do exercises. After I do an exercise she will try to mimic it. When I do military presses with dumbbells she also tries. But she cannot even lift them off the floor. This always makes me feel very strong for some reason.	answer: negative
event: Fred knew how to make tacos. ends after Fred be pretty into it story: Fred loved tacos. Because of that he decided to start a business. He created a taco tent. Fred was pretty into it. He ended up doing very well too.	answer: positive
event: Fred knew how to make tacos. ends before Fred be pretty into it story: Fred loved tacos. Because of that he decided to start a business. He created a taco tent. Fred was pretty into it. He ended up doing very well too.	answer: negative
event: Ash saved the money he made from mowing lawns ends after he save quite a bit story: "Ash, a middle school kid, really wanted a new skateboard." He decided to start mowing lawns in the neighborhood for cash. By the end of the summer he had saved up quite a bit. Ash went and bought the perfect board. Ash felt good about what he had accomplished.	answer: positive
event: Ash saved the money he made from mowing lawns ends before he save quite a bit story: "Ash, a middle school kid, really wanted a new skateboard." He decided to start mowing lawns in the neighborhood for cash. By the end of the summer he had saved up quite a bit. Ash went and bought the perfect board. Ash felt good about what he had accomplished.	answer: negative
event: Josie felt sad ends after she couldn't find a date for the prom story: Josie couldn't find a date for prom. All her friends were going. Her friends started trying to find her a date. "In the end, her friends decided they didn't want dates either." They all went together in a group!	answer: positive
event: Josie felt sad ends before she couldn't find a date for the prom story: Josie couldn't find a date for prom. All her friends were going. Her friends started trying to find her a date. "In the end, her friends decided they didn't want dates either." They all went together in a group!	answer: negative
event: Nancy was sad. ends after Nancy treat it as a wake up call story: Nancy was a cigarette smoker. Her best friend smoked as well. "As they got older, Nancy's friend got cancer." Nancy became alarmed and treated it as a wake up call. Nancy quit smoking after her friend died.	answer: positive
event: Nancy was sad. ends before Nancy treat it as a wake up call story: Nancy was a cigarette smoker. Her best friend smoked as well. "As they got older, Nancy's friend got cancer." Nancy became alarmed and treated it as a wake up call. Nancy quit smoking after her friend died.	answer: negative
event: Jan likes purses. ends after She know should could not afford the one she wanted story: Jan wanted a new purse. She knew should could not afford the one she wanted. She decided to start saving until she could. Jan finally had enough money. "When she went to buy the purse, it was gone."	answer: positive
event: Jan likes purses. ends before She know should could not afford the one she wanted story: Jan wanted a new purse. She knew should could not afford the one she wanted. She decided to start saving until she could. Jan finally had enough money. "When she went to buy the purse, it was gone."	answer: negative
event: Nellie is a student ends after She write in it story: Nellie decided to keep a diary. She wrote in it every day after school. At first her entries were stilted and brief. "But gradually, she started to write longer and more detailed entries." Soon Nellie had come to think of her diary as her best friend!	answer: positive
event: Nellie is a student ends before She write in it story: Nellie decided to keep a diary. She wrote in it every day after school. At first her entries were stilted and brief. "But gradually, she started to write longer and more detailed entries." Soon Nellie had come to think of her diary as her best friend!	answer: negative
event: Joe felt a rush of adrenaline. ends after Joe be a police officer story: Joe was a police officer. Joe was patrolling the streets of the city in his cruiser. "Suddenly, Joe was alerted to a crime happening near him by dispatch." Joe responded to the scene and found a bank robber fleeing on foot. Joe arrested the criminal and was promoted.	answer: positive
event: Joe felt a rush of adrenaline. ends before Joe be a police officer story: Joe was a police officer. Joe was patrolling the streets of the city in his cruiser. "Suddenly, Joe was alerted to a crime happening near him by dispatch." Joe responded to the scene and found a bank robber fleeing on foot. Joe arrested the criminal and was promoted.	answer: negative
event: Maddie studied very hard. ends before she earned all a's and b's story: Maddie really wanted a puppy. Her mom told her if she gets all good grades, she could get one. She worked really hard for three months on her school work. When report cards came out, she had earned all a's and b's! Maddie's mom took her to get her puppy as her reward.	answer: positive
event: Maddie studied very hard. ends after she earned all a's and b's story: Maddie really wanted a puppy. Her mom told her if she gets all good grades, she could get one. She worked really hard for three months on her school work. When report cards came out, she had earned all a's and b's! Maddie's mom took her to get her puppy as her reward.	answer: negative
event: Amy was very relieved to have custody of her son. ends after she was going to apply for custody of her son. story: Amy went on a road trip to Georgia. She was going to apply for custody of her son. "She arrived in Atlanta, and hurried to the courthouse." She testified that her ex-husband wasn't fit to be a father. The judge granted Amy custody of her son.	answer: positive
event: Amy was very relieved to have custody of her son. ends before she was going to apply for custody of her son. story: Amy went on a road trip to Georgia. She was going to apply for custody of her son. "She arrived in Atlanta, and hurried to the courthouse." She testified that her ex-husband wasn't fit to be a father. The judge granted Amy custody of her son.	answer: negative
event: My eyelids were heavy. ends after I fell asleep. story: I had been up very late studying for a test. "I went to class to take the test, feeling tired." My eyes were about to close as the teacher handed me the test. I decided to put my head on my desk and rest for a bit. I fell asleep without doing a single question on the test.	answer: positive
event: My eyelids were heavy. ends before I fell asleep. story: I had been up very late studying for a test. "I went to class to take the test, feeling tired." My eyes were about to close as the teacher handed me the test. I decided to put my head on my desk and rest for a bit. I fell asleep without doing a single question on the test.	answer: negative
event: Joe recited the Miranda rights to the criminal. ends after Joe be a police officer story: Joe was a police officer. Joe was patrolling the streets of the city in his cruiser. "Suddenly, Joe was alerted to a crime happening near him by dispatch." Joe responded to the scene and found a bank robber fleeing on foot. Joe arrested the criminal and was promoted.	answer: positive
event: Joe recited the Miranda rights to the criminal. ends before Joe be a police officer story: Joe was a police officer. Joe was patrolling the streets of the city in his cruiser. "Suddenly, Joe was alerted to a crime happening near him by dispatch." Joe responded to the scene and found a bank robber fleeing on foot. Joe arrested the criminal and was promoted.	answer: negative
event: Jake's family goes on the trampoline every day ends after They be scared to bounce on it story: Jake bought his family a new trampoline. They were scared to bounce on it. Jake climbed on to it and jumped up and down. "When they saw it was safe, his family joined him." "Now Jake can't get them to stop, they're having so much fun."	answer: positive
event: Jake's family goes on the trampoline every day ends before They be scared to bounce on it story: Jake bought his family a new trampoline. They were scared to bounce on it. Jake climbed on to it and jumped up and down. "When they saw it was safe, his family joined him." "Now Jake can't get them to stop, they're having so much fun."	answer: negative
event: Bob failed to wake up. ends before Without the house burn story: Bob needed batteries for his flashlight. He decided to use the batteries in his fire detector. He decided to take a nap after putting the batteries in. Unfortunately, the gas light in his attic ignited. Without a fire detector, the house burned down and Bob burned with it.	answer: positive
event: Bob failed to wake up. ends after Without the house burn story: Bob needed batteries for his flashlight. He decided to use the batteries in his fire detector. He decided to take a nap after putting the batteries in. Unfortunately, the gas light in his attic ignited. Without a fire detector, the house burned down and Bob burned with it.	answer: negative
event: Teddy wants to reconnect with his son. ends after the two bonded story: Teddy wants to do something special with his son. The two had drifted apart lately. Teddy decided he would take him fishing. The two headed for the lake. Teddy and his son bonded and had a great fishing trip.	answer: positive
event: Teddy wants to reconnect with his son. ends before the two bonded story: Teddy wants to do something special with his son. The two had drifted apart lately. Teddy decided he would take him fishing. The two headed for the lake. Teddy and his son bonded and had a great fishing trip.	answer: negative
event: Carol was alive ends after Beekeepers say the bees were trying to rescue their queen story: Carol went shopping in town and parked in the town center. "When she finished shopping, Carol returned to her car and headed home." "She didn't realize it but a swarm of 20,000 bees followed her." Passerby's alerted the police and experts were called in. Beekeepers said the bees were trying to rescue their queen.	answer: positive
event: Carol was alive ends before Beekeepers say the bees were trying to rescue their queen story: Carol went shopping in town and parked in the town center. "When she finished shopping, Carol returned to her car and headed home." "She didn't realize it but a swarm of 20,000 bees followed her." Passerby's alerted the police and experts were called in. Beekeepers said the bees were trying to rescue their queen.	answer: negative
event: Nellie fills up the whole diary ends after She write in it story: Nellie decided to keep a diary. She wrote in it every day after school. At first her entries were stilted and brief. "But gradually, she started to write longer and more detailed entries." Soon Nellie had come to think of her diary as her best friend!	answer: positive
event: Nellie fills up the whole diary ends before She write in it story: Nellie decided to keep a diary. She wrote in it every day after school. At first her entries were stilted and brief. "But gradually, she started to write longer and more detailed entries." Soon Nellie had come to think of her diary as her best friend!	answer: negative
event: Her mom was firm in her decision not to buy the shirt. ends before Amy ride home in sulking in silence upset she could n't get the shirt story: Amy was going school shopping with her mom. She wanted to get a shirt that showed her belly button. Her mother put the shirt away and wouldn't buy it. Amy begged, but her mom wouldn't budge. Amy rode home in sulking in silence, upset she couldn't get the shirt.	answer: positive
event: Her mom was firm in her decision not to buy the shirt. ends after Amy ride home in sulking in silence upset she could n't get the shirt story: Amy was going school shopping with her mom. She wanted to get a shirt that showed her belly button. Her mother put the shirt away and wouldn't buy it. Amy begged, but her mom wouldn't budge. Amy rode home in sulking in silence, upset she couldn't get the shirt.	answer: negative
event: Jan's finances were tight. ends after Jan want a new purse story: Jan wanted a new purse. She knew should could not afford the one she wanted. She decided to start saving until she could. Jan finally had enough money. "When she went to buy the purse, it was gone."	answer: positive
event: Jan's finances were tight. ends before Jan want a new purse story: Jan wanted a new purse. She knew should could not afford the one she wanted. She decided to start saving until she could. Jan finally had enough money. "When she went to buy the purse, it was gone."	answer: negative
event: Tom heard his friend say he was not gay ends before Tom felt relieved that he never brought it up. story: Tom thought his new friend was gay. He never directly asked. One day he noticed someone else asking. Tom's friend wasn't actually gay. Tom felt relieved that he never brought it up.	answer: positive
event: Tom heard his friend say he was not gay ends after Tom felt relieved that he never brought it up. story: Tom thought his new friend was gay. He never directly asked. One day he noticed someone else asking. Tom's friend wasn't actually gay. Tom felt relieved that he never brought it up.	answer: negative
event: Nellie is a dedicated person ends after her entries be stilted and brief story: Nellie decided to keep a diary. She wrote in it every day after school. At first her entries were stilted and brief. "But gradually, she started to write longer and more detailed entries." Soon Nellie had come to think of her diary as her best friend!	answer: positive
event: Nellie is a dedicated person ends before her entries be stilted and brief story: Nellie decided to keep a diary. She wrote in it every day after school. At first her entries were stilted and brief. "But gradually, she started to write longer and more detailed entries." Soon Nellie had come to think of her diary as her best friend!	answer: negative
event: JJ was in front of her apartment ends after She call to reschedule the interview story: JJ is on her way to a job interview. She leaves her apartment without her keys. She realizes she locked herself out of her apartment and car. She calls to reschedule the interview. They tell her they are no longer interested in hiring her.	answer: positive
event: JJ was in front of her apartment ends before She call to reschedule the interview story: JJ is on her way to a job interview. She leaves her apartment without her keys. She realizes she locked herself out of her apartment and car. She calls to reschedule the interview. They tell her they are no longer interested in hiring her.	answer: negative
event: Our families and friends enjoyed our performances ends after We make a lot of songs story: I used to be in a band in high school. My friends were in the band with me. We made a lot of songs and practiced them a lot. We would play shows at houses around the neighborhood. All our friends and family would come to watch us play music.	answer: positive
event: Our families and friends enjoyed our performances ends before We make a lot of songs story: I used to be in a band in high school. My friends were in the band with me. We made a lot of songs and practiced them a lot. We would play shows at houses around the neighborhood. All our friends and family would come to watch us play music.	answer: negative
event: I felt exhausted. ends after I decide to put my head on my desk and rest for a bit story: I had been up very late studying for a test. "I went to class to take the test, feeling tired." My eyes were about to close as the teacher handed me the test. I decided to put my head on my desk and rest for a bit. I fell asleep without doing a single question on the test.	answer: positive
event: I felt exhausted. ends before I decide to put my head on my desk and rest for a bit story: I had been up very late studying for a test. "I went to class to take the test, feeling tired." My eyes were about to close as the teacher handed me the test. I decided to put my head on my desk and rest for a bit. I fell asleep without doing a single question on the test.	answer: negative
event: her friends discussed who could be her date ends before her friends decided they didn't want dates either story: Josie couldn't find a date for prom. All her friends were going. Her friends started trying to find her a date. "In the end, her friends decided they didn't want dates either." They all went together in a group!	answer: positive
event: her friends discussed who could be her date ends after her friends decided they didn't want dates either story: Josie couldn't find a date for prom. All her friends were going. Her friends started trying to find her a date. "In the end, her friends decided they didn't want dates either." They all went together in a group!	answer: negative
event: Amy was holding a shirt that showed her belly button. ends before her mother put the shirt away. story: Amy was going school shopping with her mom. She wanted to get a shirt that showed her belly button. Her mother put the shirt away and wouldn't buy it. Amy begged, but her mom wouldn't budge. Amy rode home in sulking in silence, upset she couldn't get the shirt.	answer: positive
event: Amy was holding a shirt that showed her belly button. ends after her mother put the shirt away. story: Amy was going school shopping with her mom. She wanted to get a shirt that showed her belly button. Her mother put the shirt away and wouldn't buy it. Amy begged, but her mom wouldn't budge. Amy rode home in sulking in silence, upset she couldn't get the shirt.	answer: negative
event: Tom's teeth are crooked ends after he has braces on for a while story: Tom needed to get braces. He was afraid of them. The dentist assured him everything would be fine. Tom had them on for a while. Once removed he felt it was worth it.	answer: positive
event: Tom's teeth are crooked ends before he has braces on for a while story: Tom needed to get braces. He was afraid of them. The dentist assured him everything would be fine. Tom had them on for a while. Once removed he felt it was worth it.	answer: negative
event: Connie feels regretted. ends after she slowly work through her exam story: Connie has not studied for her exams. In a panic she sits near the smartest girl in glass. As the exam is handed out she slowly works through her exam. She's copying the girl next to her. Connie gets caught and is expelled from university.	answer: positive
event: Connie feels regretted. ends before she slowly work through her exam story: Connie has not studied for her exams. In a panic she sits near the smartest girl in glass. As the exam is handed out she slowly works through her exam. She's copying the girl next to her. Connie gets caught and is expelled from university.	answer: negative
event: The experts caught the bees ends before Beekeepers say the bees were trying to rescue their queen story: Carol went shopping in town and parked in the town center. "When she finished shopping, Carol returned to her car and headed home." "She didn't realize it but a swarm of 20,000 bees followed her." Passerby's alerted the police and experts were called in. Beekeepers said the bees were trying to rescue their queen.	answer: positive
event: The experts caught the bees ends after Beekeepers say the bees were trying to rescue their queen story: Carol went shopping in town and parked in the town center. "When she finished shopping, Carol returned to her car and headed home." "She didn't realize it but a swarm of 20,000 bees followed her." Passerby's alerted the police and experts were called in. Beekeepers said the bees were trying to rescue their queen.	answer: negative
event: Tom's friend says he is not gay  ends after he notice someone else asking story: Tom thought his new friend was gay. He never directly asked. One day he noticed someone else asking. Tom's friend wasn't actually gay. Tom felt relieved that he never brought it up.	answer: positive
event: Tom's friend says he is not gay  ends before he notice someone else asking story: Tom thought his new friend was gay. He never directly asked. One day he noticed someone else asking. Tom's friend wasn't actually gay. Tom felt relieved that he never brought it up.	answer: negative
event: We calmed down in order to solve the maize ends after We end lost in the maize for two hours story: A group of friends and I went to a corn maize. It was a dark night and the corn maize was said to be haunted. A scary man jumped out and scared us. We ended up lost in the maize for two hours. We made it out and were glad we experienced the maze together.	answer: positive
event: We calmed down in order to solve the maize ends before We end lost in the maize for two hours story: A group of friends and I went to a corn maize. It was a dark night and the corn maize was said to be haunted. A scary man jumped out and scared us. We ended up lost in the maize for two hours. We made it out and were glad we experienced the maze together.	answer: negative
event: He stopped going hiking by himself. ends after he decided he was too scared to go back in the woods. story: Fred went on a hike by himself. "Halfway through the hike, he saw a moose." The moose started walking towards him. "Terrified, Fred sprinted back." He decided he was too scared to go back into the woods.	answer: positive
event: He stopped going hiking by himself. ends before he decided he was too scared to go back in the woods. story: Fred went on a hike by himself. "Halfway through the hike, he saw a moose." The moose started walking towards him. "Terrified, Fred sprinted back." He decided he was too scared to go back into the woods.	answer: negative
event: Bob went kayaking anyway, and had a good time. ends after Bob pushed his kayak into the river. story: Bob pushed his kayak into the water. The water was icy cold. Bob stepped into the water. Bob screamed at the icy water. Bob dropped his paddle.	answer: positive
event: Bob went kayaking anyway, and had a good time. ends before Bob pushed his kayak into the river. story: Bob pushed his kayak into the water. The water was icy cold. Bob stepped into the water. Bob screamed at the icy water. Bob dropped his paddle.	answer: negative
event: Miller proposed to his partner ends before Miller be married story: Miller was married for a long time. His wife was not nice. He wanted a life free of her. He decided to ask for a divorce. He was so much happier without her.	answer: positive
event: Miller proposed to his partner ends after Miller be married story: Miller was married for a long time. His wife was not nice. He wanted a life free of her. He decided to ask for a divorce. He was so much happier without her.	answer: negative
event: I am not a plumber ends after She ask me to try and fix it story: My moms toilet started leaking a few weeks ago. She asked me to try and fix it but I didn't know how. Eventually the leak got even worse to the point of flooding. Her bathroom was flooded daily but we didn't know what to do! After awhile we turned the water off to the toilet and left it.	answer: positive
event: I am not a plumber ends before She ask me to try and fix it story: My moms toilet started leaking a few weeks ago. She asked me to try and fix it but I didn't know how. Eventually the leak got even worse to the point of flooding. Her bathroom was flooded daily but we didn't know what to do! After awhile we turned the water off to the toilet and left it.	answer: negative
event: Stanton owned a bat ends after He ask his hitting coach for help story: Stanton had been hitting home runs all of his career. Suddenly Stanton could no longer hit home runs. He asked his hitting coach for help. Stanton put an a lot of extra hours with his hitting coach. Stanton started hitting home runs again!	answer: positive
event: Stanton owned a bat ends before He ask his hitting coach for help story: Stanton had been hitting home runs all of his career. Suddenly Stanton could no longer hit home runs. He asked his hitting coach for help. Stanton put an a lot of extra hours with his hitting coach. Stanton started hitting home runs again!	answer: negative
event: Tom saw somone talking to his friend ends before Tom felt relieved that he never brought it up. story: Tom thought his new friend was gay. He never directly asked. One day he noticed someone else asking. Tom's friend wasn't actually gay. Tom felt relieved that he never brought it up.	answer: positive
event: Tom saw somone talking to his friend ends after Tom felt relieved that he never brought it up. story: Tom thought his new friend was gay. He never directly asked. One day he noticed someone else asking. Tom's friend wasn't actually gay. Tom felt relieved that he never brought it up.	answer: negative
event: Amy was very relieved to have custody of her son. ends after Amy go on a road trip to Georgia story: Amy went on a road trip to Georgia. She was going to apply for custody of her son. "She arrived in Atlanta, and hurried to the courthouse." She testified that her ex-husband wasn't fit to be a father. The judge granted Amy custody of her son.	answer: positive
event: Amy was very relieved to have custody of her son. ends before Amy go on a road trip to Georgia story: Amy went on a road trip to Georgia. She was going to apply for custody of her son. "She arrived in Atlanta, and hurried to the courthouse." She testified that her ex-husband wasn't fit to be a father. The judge granted Amy custody of her son.	answer: negative
event: Joe has a steady income ends after he worked a different job every day. story: Joe was an contracting handyman. He worked a different job everyday. His pay was always uncertain. Joe was offered a salaried position on his job. He gladly accepted the offer.	answer: positive
event: Joe has a steady income ends before he worked a different job every day. story: Joe was an contracting handyman. He worked a different job everyday. His pay was always uncertain. Joe was offered a salaried position on his job. He gladly accepted the offer.	answer: negative
event: Dina drove to the dealership ends before So Dina ditch the dealership story: Dina found an ad on the news for a cheap car. So Dina went to the dealership. She soon found out that the it was deceptive. The dealer only gave cheap cars for people with perfect credit. So Dina ditched the dealership.	answer: positive
event: Dina drove to the dealership ends after So Dina ditch the dealership story: Dina found an ad on the news for a cheap car. So Dina went to the dealership. She soon found out that the it was deceptive. The dealer only gave cheap cars for people with perfect credit. So Dina ditched the dealership.	answer: negative
event: The baseball cap was on the ground. ends after Chad found the cap story: Chad had gone to an amusement park. He was riding on the roller coaster. Chad was wearing a baseball cap. The baseball cap fell off of Chad's head. Chad found the cap after he got off of the ride.	answer: positive
event: The baseball cap was on the ground. ends before Chad found the cap story: Chad had gone to an amusement park. He was riding on the roller coaster. Chad was wearing a baseball cap. The baseball cap fell off of Chad's head. Chad found the cap after he got off of the ride.	answer: negative
event: Teddy feels closer to his son. ends after The two drift apart story: Teddy wants to do something special with his son. The two had drifted apart lately. Teddy decided he would take him fishing. The two headed for the lake. Teddy and his son bonded and had a great fishing trip.	answer: positive
event: Teddy feels closer to his son. ends before The two drift apart story: Teddy wants to do something special with his son. The two had drifted apart lately. Teddy decided he would take him fishing. The two headed for the lake. Teddy and his son bonded and had a great fishing trip.	answer: negative
event: the adults laughed at the jokes ends after We watch Spongebob as a family story: We were all watching Spongebob as a family. It is a kid's show but all really enjoyed it. This one episode was especially funny for the adults. It has humor in it that is funny for kids and adults. It is something we can all watch and enjoy as a family.	answer: positive
event: the adults laughed at the jokes ends before We watch Spongebob as a family story: We were all watching Spongebob as a family. It is a kid's show but all really enjoyed it. This one episode was especially funny for the adults. It has humor in it that is funny for kids and adults. It is something we can all watch and enjoy as a family.	answer: negative
event: Jenna and her friends performed the dance routine ends before they didn't win story: Jenna was out with friends on the last day of summer. They saw a talent competition in the park. They decided to enter. They put together a dance routine. They didn't win but it was a fun way to spend their last day.	answer: positive
event: Jenna and her friends performed the dance routine ends after they didn't win story: Jenna was out with friends on the last day of summer. They saw a talent competition in the park. They decided to enter. They put together a dance routine. They didn't win but it was a fun way to spend their last day.	answer: negative
event: Amy's ex lives in Atlanta. ends after Amy go on a road trip to Georgia story: Amy went on a road trip to Georgia. She was going to apply for custody of her son. "She arrived in Atlanta, and hurried to the courthouse." She testified that her ex-husband wasn't fit to be a father. The judge granted Amy custody of her son.	answer: positive
event: Amy's ex lives in Atlanta. ends before Amy go on a road trip to Georgia story: Amy went on a road trip to Georgia. She was going to apply for custody of her son. "She arrived in Atlanta, and hurried to the courthouse." She testified that her ex-husband wasn't fit to be a father. The judge granted Amy custody of her son.	answer: negative
event: Bob brought the kayak over to the water. ends before Bob scream at the icy water story: Bob pushed his kayak into the water. The water was icy cold. Bob stepped into the water. Bob screamed at the icy water. Bob dropped his paddle.	answer: positive
event: Bob brought the kayak over to the water. ends after Bob scream at the icy water story: Bob pushed his kayak into the water. The water was icy cold. Bob stepped into the water. Bob screamed at the icy water. Bob dropped his paddle.	answer: negative
event: I started studying for the test very late. ends before I went to class to take the test. story: I had been up very late studying for a test. "I went to class to take the test, feeling tired." My eyes were about to close as the teacher handed me the test. I decided to put my head on my desk and rest for a bit. I fell asleep without doing a single question on the test.	answer: positive
event: I started studying for the test very late. ends after I went to class to take the test. story: I had been up very late studying for a test. "I went to class to take the test, feeling tired." My eyes were about to close as the teacher handed me the test. I decided to put my head on my desk and rest for a bit. I fell asleep without doing a single question on the test.	answer: negative
event: Someone else bought the purse Jan wanted ends after She know should could not afford the one she wanted story: Jan wanted a new purse. She knew should could not afford the one she wanted. She decided to start saving until she could. Jan finally had enough money. "When she went to buy the purse, it was gone."	answer: positive
event: Someone else bought the purse Jan wanted ends before She know should could not afford the one she wanted story: Jan wanted a new purse. She knew should could not afford the one she wanted. She decided to start saving until she could. Jan finally had enough money. "When she went to buy the purse, it was gone."	answer: negative
event: Lot of children played in the snow ends before we took a warm bath and a nap afterwards story: I was asleep when my two year old ran into the room panicking. I grabbed my robe and looked outside to see what he was scared of. I saw outside that it was snowing, something he had never seen. We bundled up and went outside to explore and play in it. We took a warm bath and a nap afterwards.	answer: positive
event: Lot of children played in the snow ends after we took a warm bath and a nap afterwards story: I was asleep when my two year old ran into the room panicking. I grabbed my robe and looked outside to see what he was scared of. I saw outside that it was snowing, something he had never seen. We bundled up and went outside to explore and play in it. We took a warm bath and a nap afterwards.	answer: negative
event: Nellie is disheartened by her short entries ends after She write in it story: Nellie decided to keep a diary. She wrote in it every day after school. At first her entries were stilted and brief. "But gradually, she started to write longer and more detailed entries." Soon Nellie had come to think of her diary as her best friend!	answer: positive
event: Nellie is disheartened by her short entries ends before She write in it story: Nellie decided to keep a diary. She wrote in it every day after school. At first her entries were stilted and brief. "But gradually, she started to write longer and more detailed entries." Soon Nellie had come to think of her diary as her best friend!	answer: negative
event: Dina wanted to buy a car. ends after The dealer only give cheap cars for people with perfect credit story: Dina found an ad on the news for a cheap car. So Dina went to the dealership. She soon found out that the it was deceptive. The dealer only gave cheap cars for people with perfect credit. So Dina ditched the dealership.	answer: positive
event: Dina wanted to buy a car. ends before The dealer only give cheap cars for people with perfect credit story: Dina found an ad on the news for a cheap car. So Dina went to the dealership. She soon found out that the it was deceptive. The dealer only gave cheap cars for people with perfect credit. So Dina ditched the dealership.	answer: negative
event: She felt guilty ends before she began the process story: Margaret was walking through town. She noticed a store window with an ad for a family shelter. The pictures of kids really struck a chord in her heart. She decided to donate. She walked inside and began the process.	answer: positive
event: She felt guilty ends after she began the process story: Margaret was walking through town. She noticed a store window with an ad for a family shelter. The pictures of kids really struck a chord in her heart. She decided to donate. She walked inside and began the process.	answer: negative
event: Joshua is alive. ends after Joshua could n't afford the assigned textbooks story: Joshua couldn't afford the assigned textbooks. His college textbooks were going to cost over 500 dollars. He knew that a similar amount would be expected in future quarters. Joshua had to decide between stealing them and switching majors. Joshua made the choice that felt right and just.	answer: positive
event: Joshua is alive. ends before Joshua could n't afford the assigned textbooks story: Joshua couldn't afford the assigned textbooks. His college textbooks were going to cost over 500 dollars. He knew that a similar amount would be expected in future quarters. Joshua had to decide between stealing them and switching majors. Joshua made the choice that felt right and just.	answer: negative
event: Joe stepped out of his cruiser. ends before Joe arrest the criminal story: Joe was a police officer. Joe was patrolling the streets of the city in his cruiser. "Suddenly, Joe was alerted to a crime happening near him by dispatch." Joe responded to the scene and found a bank robber fleeing on foot. Joe arrested the criminal and was promoted.	answer: positive
event: Joe stepped out of his cruiser. ends after Joe arrest the criminal story: Joe was a police officer. Joe was patrolling the streets of the city in his cruiser. "Suddenly, Joe was alerted to a crime happening near him by dispatch." Joe responded to the scene and found a bank robber fleeing on foot. Joe arrested the criminal and was promoted.	answer: negative
event: Lisa did not have any cash ends after So she go home story: Lisa went to the fair. She really wanted to go. "But when she got the fair, it was cash only." She was disappointed. So she went home.	answer: positive
event: Lisa did not have any cash ends before So she go home story: Lisa went to the fair. She really wanted to go. "But when she got the fair, it was cash only." She was disappointed. So she went home.	answer: negative
event: Erin felt extremely happy. ends after He decide to put it on Ebay story: Erin was cleaning out his basement one morning. "While he was cleaning it, he found an old antique watch." He searched on the internet to see what type of watch it was. He realized that it was a watch from the 1800s! He decided to put it on Ebay and he made a lot of money.	answer: positive
event: Erin felt extremely happy. ends before He decide to put it on Ebay story: Erin was cleaning out his basement one morning. "While he was cleaning it, he found an old antique watch." He searched on the internet to see what type of watch it was. He realized that it was a watch from the 1800s! He decided to put it on Ebay and he made a lot of money.	answer: negative
event: She did not like sharing her room. ends after But the only choice be the attic story: Jessica wanted her own room. But the only choice was the attic. "Initially, she enjoyed the space and privacy." "But later, she developed a cough." She didn't realize how dusty the attic was.	answer: positive
event: She did not like sharing her room. ends before But the only choice be the attic story: Jessica wanted her own room. But the only choice was the attic. "Initially, she enjoyed the space and privacy." "But later, she developed a cough." She didn't realize how dusty the attic was.	answer: negative
event: Stanton was scoring runs again ends after Stanton hit home runs story: Stanton had been hitting home runs all of his career. Suddenly Stanton could no longer hit home runs. He asked his hitting coach for help. Stanton put an a lot of extra hours with his hitting coach. Stanton started hitting home runs again!	answer: positive
event: Stanton was scoring runs again ends before Stanton hit home runs story: Stanton had been hitting home runs all of his career. Suddenly Stanton could no longer hit home runs. He asked his hitting coach for help. Stanton put an a lot of extra hours with his hitting coach. Stanton started hitting home runs again!	answer: negative
event: Tim scheduled an appointment with his dentist. ends before the dentist took a look around in his mouth story: Tim's tooth was hurting like crazy. He could barely eat or drink. His dentist took a look around in his mouth. One of his teeth was rotten. "Once the tooth was pulled, Tim felt fine."	answer: positive
event: Tim scheduled an appointment with his dentist. ends after the dentist took a look around in his mouth story: Tim's tooth was hurting like crazy. He could barely eat or drink. His dentist took a look around in his mouth. One of his teeth was rotten. "Once the tooth was pulled, Tim felt fine."	answer: negative
event: My daughter asks me to help her lift weights ends before this makes me feel very strong story: My daughter likes to work out with me when I do exercises. After I do an exercise she will try to mimic it. When I do military presses with dumbbells she also tries. But she cannot even lift them off the floor. This always makes me feel very strong for some reason.	answer: positive
event: My daughter asks me to help her lift weights ends after this makes me feel very strong story: My daughter likes to work out with me when I do exercises. After I do an exercise she will try to mimic it. When I do military presses with dumbbells she also tries. But she cannot even lift them off the floor. This always makes me feel very strong for some reason.	answer: negative
event: Chad felt relieved. ends after He rid on the roller coaster story: Chad had gone to an amusement park. He was riding on the roller coaster. Chad was wearing a baseball cap. The baseball cap fell off of Chad's head. Chad found the cap after he got off of the ride.	answer: positive
event: Chad felt relieved. ends before He rid on the roller coaster story: Chad had gone to an amusement park. He was riding on the roller coaster. Chad was wearing a baseball cap. The baseball cap fell off of Chad's head. Chad found the cap after he got off of the ride.	answer: negative
event: I had money ends after I need a shed to contain my yard tools story: I needed a shed to contain my yard tools. I bought supplies and found a guide online. I followed the guide and began putting the shed together. "All week, I worked hard using power tools and manual labor." "After the week was over, I had a very nice shed."	answer: positive
event: I had money ends before I need a shed to contain my yard tools story: I needed a shed to contain my yard tools. I bought supplies and found a guide online. I followed the guide and began putting the shed together. "All week, I worked hard using power tools and manual labor." "After the week was over, I had a very nice shed."	answer: negative
event: Lillian lived with her mother. ends after She find a job and work story: Lillian had always been rich. She went from her rich family to a rich husband. "Now that she was divorced and penniless, she was dismayed." She had to find a job and work for the first time of her life. "But after a few years, she was proud of herself, and doing well."	answer: positive
event: Lillian lived with her mother. ends before She find a job and work story: Lillian had always been rich. She went from her rich family to a rich husband. "Now that she was divorced and penniless, she was dismayed." She had to find a job and work for the first time of her life. "But after a few years, she was proud of herself, and doing well."	answer: negative
event: I found the water valve ends before we n't know what to do story: My moms toilet started leaking a few weeks ago. She asked me to try and fix it but I didn't know how. Eventually the leak got even worse to the point of flooding. Her bathroom was flooded daily but we didn't know what to do! After awhile we turned the water off to the toilet and left it.	answer: positive
event: I found the water valve ends after we n't know what to do story: My moms toilet started leaking a few weeks ago. She asked me to try and fix it but I didn't know how. Eventually the leak got even worse to the point of flooding. Her bathroom was flooded daily but we didn't know what to do! After awhile we turned the water off to the toilet and left it.	answer: negative
event: They practiced the dance routine ends before they didn't win story: Jenna was out with friends on the last day of summer. They saw a talent competition in the park. They decided to enter. They put together a dance routine. They didn't win but it was a fun way to spend their last day.	answer: positive
event: They practiced the dance routine ends after they didn't win story: Jenna was out with friends on the last day of summer. They saw a talent competition in the park. They decided to enter. They put together a dance routine. They didn't win but it was a fun way to spend their last day.	answer: negative
event: Jake's kept 35 dollars on his dresser ends before Jake confronted him story: Jake lived with a roommate who stole from him. Jake knew he had to kick him out but was afraid. One day Jake was missing 35 dollars from his dresser. Jake confronted his roommate and told him to leave. Jake's life has been better since he freed himself of his roommate.	answer: positive
event: Jake's kept 35 dollars on his dresser ends after Jake confronted him story: Jake lived with a roommate who stole from him. Jake knew he had to kick him out but was afraid. One day Jake was missing 35 dollars from his dresser. Jake confronted his roommate and told him to leave. Jake's life has been better since he freed himself of his roommate.	answer: negative
event: Reese regretted making the astronaut helmet ends after Reese go outside story: Reese made an astronaut helmet for his younger brother. The brother tried it on and started playing pretend. Reese went outside hours later. His brother had strapped fireworks to the back of his bicycle. "As he lit the match, Reese ran out and yelled he wasn't an astronaut."	answer: positive
event: Reese regretted making the astronaut helmet ends before Reese go outside story: Reese made an astronaut helmet for his younger brother. The brother tried it on and started playing pretend. Reese went outside hours later. His brother had strapped fireworks to the back of his bicycle. "As he lit the match, Reese ran out and yelled he wasn't an astronaut."	answer: negative
event: Joe got too close to the eel. ends before Only a doctor at the hospital could safely remove the fish head story: Joe and Fred like to scuba dive in Puget Sound. One time they found a big wolf eel underwater. The fish sunk his teeth deeply into Joe's scalp. Fred cut of the head of the fish while it was still attached to Joe. Only a doctor at the hospital could safely remove the fish head.	answer: positive
event: Joe got too close to the eel. ends after Only a doctor at the hospital could safely remove the fish head story: Joe and Fred like to scuba dive in Puget Sound. One time they found a big wolf eel underwater. The fish sunk his teeth deeply into Joe's scalp. Fred cut of the head of the fish while it was still attached to Joe. Only a doctor at the hospital could safely remove the fish head.	answer: negative
event: Liza felt depressed after the event. ends after Liza pull out her pepper spray story: Liza was a star student in her high school. She walked home from the library one evening. A man pulled her into the alley and started groping her. Liza pulled out her pepper spray but it malfunctioned. Some students noticed the attacker and he fled.	answer: positive
event: Liza felt depressed after the event. ends before Liza pull out her pepper spray story: Liza was a star student in her high school. She walked home from the library one evening. A man pulled her into the alley and started groping her. Liza pulled out her pepper spray but it malfunctioned. Some students noticed the attacker and he fled.	answer: negative
event: Miller's wife agreed to a divorce ends after Miller be married story: Miller was married for a long time. His wife was not nice. He wanted a life free of her. He decided to ask for a divorce. He was so much happier without her.	answer: positive
event: Miller's wife agreed to a divorce ends before Miller be married story: Miller was married for a long time. His wife was not nice. He wanted a life free of her. He decided to ask for a divorce. He was so much happier without her.	answer: negative
event: Joe has a secured future. ends after He gladly accept the offer story: Joe was an contracting handyman. He worked a different job everyday. His pay was always uncertain. Joe was offered a salaried position on his job. He gladly accepted the offer.	answer: positive
event: Joe has a secured future. ends before He gladly accept the offer story: Joe was an contracting handyman. He worked a different job everyday. His pay was always uncertain. Joe was offered a salaried position on his job. He gladly accepted the offer.	answer: negative
event: Dakota sat down in the career counselor's office ends after he finished his job at the summer camp story: Dakota finished his job at a summer camp. He had really enjoyed working with children. He realized he might want to work with children as a profession. When he returned to college he visited a career counselor. Dakota switched his major to Elementary Education.	answer: positive
event: Dakota sat down in the career counselor's office ends before he finished his job at the summer camp story: Dakota finished his job at a summer camp. He had really enjoyed working with children. He realized he might want to work with children as a profession. When he returned to college he visited a career counselor. Dakota switched his major to Elementary Education.	answer: negative
event: Jane's office got busier ends after Her favorite part about her job be that she had weekends off story: Jane worked in a busy office every week from Monday to Friday. Her favorite part about her job was that she had weekends off. "One day, her boss told her that he was taking her weekends off away." Jane was upset to lose her free time and favorite part of her job. She began her search for a new job the following day.	answer: positive
event: Jane's office got busier ends before Her favorite part about her job be that she had weekends off story: Jane worked in a busy office every week from Monday to Friday. Her favorite part about her job was that she had weekends off. "One day, her boss told her that he was taking her weekends off away." Jane was upset to lose her free time and favorite part of her job. She began her search for a new job the following day.	answer: negative
event: Connie is able to see the smartest girl's answers. ends after the exam. story: Connie has not studied for her exams. In a panic she sits near the smartest girl in glass. As the exam is handed out she slowly works through her exam. She's copying the girl next to her. Connie gets caught and is expelled from university.	answer: positive
event: Connie is able to see the smartest girl's answers. ends before the exam. story: Connie has not studied for her exams. In a panic she sits near the smartest girl in glass. As the exam is handed out she slowly works through her exam. She's copying the girl next to her. Connie gets caught and is expelled from university.	answer: negative
event: Josie thought about who could be her date ends after All her friends go story: Josie couldn't find a date for prom. All her friends were going. Her friends started trying to find her a date. "In the end, her friends decided they didn't want dates either." They all went together in a group!	answer: positive
event: Josie thought about who could be her date ends before All her friends go story: Josie couldn't find a date for prom. All her friends were going. Her friends started trying to find her a date. "In the end, her friends decided they didn't want dates either." They all went together in a group!	answer: negative
event: The man wore a costume. ends before we made it out story: A group of friends and I went to a corn maize. It was a dark night and the corn maize was said to be haunted. A scary man jumped out and scared us. We ended up lost in the maize for two hours. We made it out and were glad we experienced the maze together.	answer: positive
event: The man wore a costume. ends after we made it out story: A group of friends and I went to a corn maize. It was a dark night and the corn maize was said to be haunted. A scary man jumped out and scared us. We ended up lost in the maize for two hours. We made it out and were glad we experienced the maze together.	answer: negative
event: Joshua didn't have much money. ends before He know that a similar amount would be expected in future quarters story: Joshua couldn't afford the assigned textbooks. His college textbooks were going to cost over 500 dollars. He knew that a similar amount would be expected in future quarters. Joshua had to decide between stealing them and switching majors. Joshua made the choice that felt right and just.	answer: positive
event: Joshua didn't have much money. ends after He know that a similar amount would be expected in future quarters story: Joshua couldn't afford the assigned textbooks. His college textbooks were going to cost over 500 dollars. He knew that a similar amount would be expected in future quarters. Joshua had to decide between stealing them and switching majors. Joshua made the choice that felt right and just.	answer: negative
event: Josie felt sad ends before her friends started trying to find her a date story: Josie couldn't find a date for prom. All her friends were going. Her friends started trying to find her a date. "In the end, her friends decided they didn't want dates either." They all went together in a group!	answer: positive
event: Josie felt sad ends after her friends started trying to find her a date story: Josie couldn't find a date for prom. All her friends were going. Her friends started trying to find her a date. "In the end, her friends decided they didn't want dates either." They all went together in a group!	answer: negative
event: He observed the kids complete the chores. ends before he paid them. story: Rick's kids were nine and eleven. He decided they were old enough to get an allowance. He wanted them to understand the value of money. "He assigned them chores each week, then paid them for their work." In this way Rick's kids made money and learned the value of hard work!	answer: positive
event: He observed the kids complete the chores. ends after he paid them. story: Rick's kids were nine and eleven. He decided they were old enough to get an allowance. He wanted them to understand the value of money. "He assigned them chores each week, then paid them for their work." In this way Rick's kids made money and learned the value of hard work!	answer: negative
event: The dentist explained the problem to Tim. ends before he pulled out the rotten tooth story: Tim's tooth was hurting like crazy. He could barely eat or drink. His dentist took a look around in his mouth. One of his teeth was rotten. "Once the tooth was pulled, Tim felt fine."	answer: positive
event: The dentist explained the problem to Tim. ends after he pulled out the rotten tooth story: Tim's tooth was hurting like crazy. He could barely eat or drink. His dentist took a look around in his mouth. One of his teeth was rotten. "Once the tooth was pulled, Tim felt fine."	answer: negative
event: Mike ate this burger. ends before he noticed that there was hair in his burger story: Mike was at a burger restaurant. And he ordered a cheeseburger and a milkshake. But he noticed that there was hair in his burger. So he told the waiter about it. Mike wasn't given a new burger and he left.	answer: positive
event: Mike ate this burger. ends after he noticed that there was hair in his burger story: Mike was at a burger restaurant. And he ordered a cheeseburger and a milkshake. But he noticed that there was hair in his burger. So he told the waiter about it. Mike wasn't given a new burger and he left.	answer: negative
event: Tom saw somone talking to his friend ends before he notice someone else asking story: Tom thought his new friend was gay. He never directly asked. One day he noticed someone else asking. Tom's friend wasn't actually gay. Tom felt relieved that he never brought it up.	answer: positive
event: Tom saw somone talking to his friend ends after he notice someone else asking story: Tom thought his new friend was gay. He never directly asked. One day he noticed someone else asking. Tom's friend wasn't actually gay. Tom felt relieved that he never brought it up.	answer: negative
event: Anna researched America ends before She go on a trip to see the forests and lakes story: Anna was visiting America. She went on a trip to see the forests and lakes. Then she saw a majestic bald eagle soaring. She had seen the American symbol of freedom! Anna was proud and happy to have seen the eagle during her trip.	answer: positive
event: Anna researched America ends after She go on a trip to see the forests and lakes story: Anna was visiting America. She went on a trip to see the forests and lakes. Then she saw a majestic bald eagle soaring. She had seen the American symbol of freedom! Anna was proud and happy to have seen the eagle during her trip.	answer: negative
event: Tim was trying to put his phone on silent ends before he was caught fiddling with it story: Tim had his phone in class. He forgot to put it on silent. A friend kept trying to text him. Tim was caught fiddling with it. The teacher took it away for the day.	answer: positive
event: Tim was trying to put his phone on silent ends after he was caught fiddling with it story: Tim had his phone in class. He forgot to put it on silent. A friend kept trying to text him. Tim was caught fiddling with it. The teacher took it away for the day.	answer: negative
event: Joe put on his police uniform. ends before Joe patrol the streets of the city in his cruiser story: Joe was a police officer. Joe was patrolling the streets of the city in his cruiser. "Suddenly, Joe was alerted to a crime happening near him by dispatch." Joe responded to the scene and found a bank robber fleeing on foot. Joe arrested the criminal and was promoted.	answer: positive
event: Joe put on his police uniform. ends after Joe patrol the streets of the city in his cruiser story: Joe was a police officer. Joe was patrolling the streets of the city in his cruiser. "Suddenly, Joe was alerted to a crime happening near him by dispatch." Joe responded to the scene and found a bank robber fleeing on foot. Joe arrested the criminal and was promoted.	answer: negative
event: they ordered their food ends before Kelly decide not to eat at that restaurant again story: Kelly was excited to check out the new restaurant in town. She made reservations for her and a friend for that evening. When they got to the restaurant they waited a long time for a table. The waitress mixed up their orders and brought them the wrong dinners. Kelly decided not to eat at that restaurant again.	answer: positive
event: they ordered their food ends after Kelly decide not to eat at that restaurant again story: Kelly was excited to check out the new restaurant in town. She made reservations for her and a friend for that evening. When they got to the restaurant they waited a long time for a table. The waitress mixed up their orders and brought them the wrong dinners. Kelly decided not to eat at that restaurant again.	answer: negative
event: they ordered their food ends before the waitress mixed up their orders story: Kelly was excited to check out the new restaurant in town. She made reservations for her and a friend for that evening. When they got to the restaurant they waited a long time for a table. The waitress mixed up their orders and brought them the wrong dinners. Kelly decided not to eat at that restaurant again.	answer: positive
event: they ordered their food ends after the waitress mixed up their orders story: Kelly was excited to check out the new restaurant in town. She made reservations for her and a friend for that evening. When they got to the restaurant they waited a long time for a table. The waitress mixed up their orders and brought them the wrong dinners. Kelly decided not to eat at that restaurant again.	answer: negative
event: Liza read a book on economics in the library ends before She walk home from the library story: Liza was a star student in her high school. She walked home from the library one evening. A man pulled her into the alley and started groping her. Liza pulled out her pepper spray but it malfunctioned. Some students noticed the attacker and he fled.	answer: positive
event: Liza read a book on economics in the library ends after She walk home from the library story: Liza was a star student in her high school. She walked home from the library one evening. A man pulled her into the alley and started groping her. Liza pulled out her pepper spray but it malfunctioned. Some students noticed the attacker and he fled.	answer: negative
event: Chad waited in line for the roller coaster. ends before he was riding on the roller coaster story: Chad had gone to an amusement park. He was riding on the roller coaster. Chad was wearing a baseball cap. The baseball cap fell off of Chad's head. Chad found the cap after he got off of the ride.	answer: positive
event: Chad waited in line for the roller coaster. ends after he was riding on the roller coaster story: Chad had gone to an amusement park. He was riding on the roller coaster. Chad was wearing a baseball cap. The baseball cap fell off of Chad's head. Chad found the cap after he got off of the ride.	answer: negative
event: Tom felt confused about his friend's sexuality ends before He directly ask story: Tom thought his new friend was gay. He never directly asked. One day he noticed someone else asking. Tom's friend wasn't actually gay. Tom felt relieved that he never brought it up.	answer: positive
event: Tom felt confused about his friend's sexuality ends after He directly ask story: Tom thought his new friend was gay. He never directly asked. One day he noticed someone else asking. Tom's friend wasn't actually gay. Tom felt relieved that he never brought it up.	answer: negative
event: I went to a hardware store  ends before I needed a shed to contain my yard tools. story: I needed a shed to contain my yard tools. I bought supplies and found a guide online. I followed the guide and began putting the shed together. "All week, I worked hard using power tools and manual labor." "After the week was over, I had a very nice shed."	answer: positive
event: I went to a hardware store  ends after I needed a shed to contain my yard tools. story: I needed a shed to contain my yard tools. I bought supplies and found a guide online. I followed the guide and began putting the shed together. "All week, I worked hard using power tools and manual labor." "After the week was over, I had a very nice shed."	answer: negative
event: The dad stabled his position. ends before he lost his balance. story: I was throwing the baseball with my son. He threw one past me that landed in the lake. I reached in to get the ball. I lost my balance and fell in. I got the ball and a bath all in one shot!	answer: positive
event: The dad stabled his position. ends after he lost his balance. story: I was throwing the baseball with my son. He threw one past me that landed in the lake. I reached in to get the ball. I lost my balance and fell in. I got the ball and a bath all in one shot!	answer: negative
event: The girls listened to Ashley ends before they do laundry together story: Ashley is so sick of doing laundry. She lives with two other girls and none of them help. One night Ashley spoke her mind to the girls about it. They said they understand where she's coming from. Now all three girls do laundry together.	answer: positive
event: The girls listened to Ashley ends after they do laundry together story: Ashley is so sick of doing laundry. She lives with two other girls and none of them help. One night Ashley spoke her mind to the girls about it. They said they understand where she's coming from. Now all three girls do laundry together.	answer: negative
event: Jake's roommate stole 35 dollars from his dresser ends before Jake tell him to leave story: Jake lived with a roommate who stole from him. Jake knew he had to kick him out but was afraid. One day Jake was missing 35 dollars from his dresser. Jake confronted his roommate and told him to leave. Jake's life has been better since he freed himself of his roommate.	answer: positive
event: Jake's roommate stole 35 dollars from his dresser ends after Jake tell him to leave story: Jake lived with a roommate who stole from him. Jake knew he had to kick him out but was afraid. One day Jake was missing 35 dollars from his dresser. Jake confronted his roommate and told him to leave. Jake's life has been better since he freed himself of his roommate.	answer: negative
event: Joshua had to weigh his morals versus his desires. ends before he made the choice that felt just and right story: Joshua couldn't afford the assigned textbooks. His college textbooks were going to cost over 500 dollars. He knew that a similar amount would be expected in future quarters. Joshua had to decide between stealing them and switching majors. Joshua made the choice that felt right and just.	answer: positive
event: Joshua had to weigh his morals versus his desires. ends after he made the choice that felt just and right story: Joshua couldn't afford the assigned textbooks. His college textbooks were going to cost over 500 dollars. He knew that a similar amount would be expected in future quarters. Joshua had to decide between stealing them and switching majors. Joshua made the choice that felt right and just.	answer: negative
event: Deb traveled to a restaurant with her family. ends before they ate dinner story: Deb was visiting family for the holidays. They were at dinner when Deb's job came up. Everyone asked Deb about work, and Deb got nervous. The truth was that she had been unemployed for some time. Finally, she decided to just admit it to her family.	answer: positive
event: Deb traveled to a restaurant with her family. ends after they ate dinner story: Deb was visiting family for the holidays. They were at dinner when Deb's job came up. Everyone asked Deb about work, and Deb got nervous. The truth was that she had been unemployed for some time. Finally, she decided to just admit it to her family.	answer: negative
event: Joe got too close to the eel. ends before the eel sunk its teeth into Joes's scalp story: Joe and Fred like to scuba dive in Puget Sound. One time they found a big wolf eel underwater. The fish sunk his teeth deeply into Joe's scalp. Fred cut of the head of the fish while it was still attached to Joe. Only a doctor at the hospital could safely remove the fish head.	answer: positive
event: Joe got too close to the eel. ends after the eel sunk its teeth into Joes's scalp story: Joe and Fred like to scuba dive in Puget Sound. One time they found a big wolf eel underwater. The fish sunk his teeth deeply into Joe's scalp. Fred cut of the head of the fish while it was still attached to Joe. Only a doctor at the hospital could safely remove the fish head.	answer: negative
event: We decided to go to the corn maize ends before A scary man jump out story: A group of friends and I went to a corn maize. It was a dark night and the corn maize was said to be haunted. A scary man jumped out and scared us. We ended up lost in the maize for two hours. We made it out and were glad we experienced the maze together.	answer: positive
event: We decided to go to the corn maize ends after A scary man jump out story: A group of friends and I went to a corn maize. It was a dark night and the corn maize was said to be haunted. A scary man jumped out and scared us. We ended up lost in the maize for two hours. We made it out and were glad we experienced the maze together.	answer: negative
event: they had to wait for the orders to be corrected ends before Kelly decided not to eat there again story: Kelly was excited to check out the new restaurant in town. She made reservations for her and a friend for that evening. When they got to the restaurant they waited a long time for a table. The waitress mixed up their orders and brought them the wrong dinners. Kelly decided not to eat at that restaurant again.	answer: positive
event: they had to wait for the orders to be corrected ends after Kelly decided not to eat there again story: Kelly was excited to check out the new restaurant in town. She made reservations for her and a friend for that evening. When they got to the restaurant they waited a long time for a table. The waitress mixed up their orders and brought them the wrong dinners. Kelly decided not to eat at that restaurant again.	answer: negative
event: Dakota filled out forms to switch his major ends before he switched his major story: Dakota finished his job at a summer camp. He had really enjoyed working with children. He realized he might want to work with children as a profession. When he returned to college he visited a career counselor. Dakota switched his major to Elementary Education.	answer: positive
event: Dakota filled out forms to switch his major ends after he switched his major story: Dakota finished his job at a summer camp. He had really enjoyed working with children. He realized he might want to work with children as a profession. When he returned to college he visited a career counselor. Dakota switched his major to Elementary Education.	answer: negative
event: Jake's roommate stole 35dollars his dresser ends before Jake confronted him story: Jake lived with a roommate who stole from him. Jake knew he had to kick him out but was afraid. One day Jake was missing 35 dollars from his dresser. Jake confronted his roommate and told him to leave. Jake's life has been better since he freed himself of his roommate.	answer: positive
event: Jake's roommate stole 35dollars his dresser ends after Jake confronted him story: Jake lived with a roommate who stole from him. Jake knew he had to kick him out but was afraid. One day Jake was missing 35 dollars from his dresser. Jake confronted his roommate and told him to leave. Jake's life has been better since he freed himself of his roommate.	answer: negative
event: The judges didn't like Jenna's routine ends before they didn't win story: Jenna was out with friends on the last day of summer. They saw a talent competition in the park. They decided to enter. They put together a dance routine. They didn't win but it was a fun way to spend their last day.	answer: positive
event: The judges didn't like Jenna's routine ends after they didn't win story: Jenna was out with friends on the last day of summer. They saw a talent competition in the park. They decided to enter. They put together a dance routine. They didn't win but it was a fun way to spend their last day.	answer: negative
event: Joe stepped out of his cruiser. ends before Joe arrested the criminal story: Joe was a police officer. Joe was patrolling the streets of the city in his cruiser. "Suddenly, Joe was alerted to a crime happening near him by dispatch." Joe responded to the scene and found a bank robber fleeing on foot. Joe arrested the criminal and was promoted.	answer: positive
event: Joe stepped out of his cruiser. ends after Joe arrested the criminal story: Joe was a police officer. Joe was patrolling the streets of the city in his cruiser. "Suddenly, Joe was alerted to a crime happening near him by dispatch." Joe responded to the scene and found a bank robber fleeing on foot. Joe arrested the criminal and was promoted.	answer: negative
event: The judge believed Amy ends before the judge granted Amy custody story: Amy went on a road trip to Georgia. She was going to apply for custody of her son. "She arrived in Atlanta, and hurried to the courthouse." She testified that her ex-husband wasn't fit to be a father. The judge granted Amy custody of her son.	answer: positive
event: The judge believed Amy ends after the judge granted Amy custody story: Amy went on a road trip to Georgia. She was going to apply for custody of her son. "She arrived in Atlanta, and hurried to the courthouse." She testified that her ex-husband wasn't fit to be a father. The judge granted Amy custody of her son.	answer: negative
event: Rick got married. ends before Rick's kids were nine and eleven. story: Rick's kids were nine and eleven. He decided they were old enough to get an allowance. He wanted them to understand the value of money. "He assigned them chores each week, then paid them for their work." In this way Rick's kids made money and learned the value of hard work!	answer: positive
event: Rick got married. ends after Rick's kids were nine and eleven. story: Rick's kids were nine and eleven. He decided they were old enough to get an allowance. He wanted them to understand the value of money. "He assigned them chores each week, then paid them for their work." In this way Rick's kids made money and learned the value of hard work!	answer: negative
event: Dakota said goodbye to the children ends before He realize he might want to work with children as a profession story: Dakota finished his job at a summer camp. He had really enjoyed working with children. He realized he might want to work with children as a profession. When he returned to college he visited a career counselor. Dakota switched his major to Elementary Education.	answer: positive
event: Dakota said goodbye to the children ends after He realize he might want to work with children as a profession story: Dakota finished his job at a summer camp. He had really enjoyed working with children. He realized he might want to work with children as a profession. When he returned to college he visited a career counselor. Dakota switched his major to Elementary Education.	answer: negative
event: Dakota discussed education with the career counselor.   ends before he switched his major story: Dakota finished his job at a summer camp. He had really enjoyed working with children. He realized he might want to work with children as a profession. When he returned to college he visited a career counselor. Dakota switched his major to Elementary Education.	answer: positive
event: Dakota discussed education with the career counselor.   ends after he switched his major story: Dakota finished his job at a summer camp. He had really enjoyed working with children. He realized he might want to work with children as a profession. When he returned to college he visited a career counselor. Dakota switched his major to Elementary Education.	answer: negative
event: Ash mowed lawns all summer ends before he had saved up quite a bit story: "Ash, a middle school kid, really wanted a new skateboard." He decided to start mowing lawns in the neighborhood for cash. By the end of the summer he had saved up quite a bit. Ash went and bought the perfect board. Ash felt good about what he had accomplished.	answer: positive
event: Ash mowed lawns all summer ends after he had saved up quite a bit story: "Ash, a middle school kid, really wanted a new skateboard." He decided to start mowing lawns in the neighborhood for cash. By the end of the summer he had saved up quite a bit. Ash went and bought the perfect board. Ash felt good about what he had accomplished.	answer: negative
event: Tiffany has finished elementary school. ends before All of the kids be also nervous story: Tiffani was starting school. It was her first day of junior high. She was very nervous about how she would fit in. All of the kids were also nervous. They all loosened up as the day went on.	answer: positive
event: Tiffany has finished elementary school. ends after All of the kids be also nervous story: Tiffani was starting school. It was her first day of junior high. She was very nervous about how she would fit in. All of the kids were also nervous. They all loosened up as the day went on.	answer: negative
event: Joe recited the Miranda rights to the criminal. ends before he was promoted story: Joe was a police officer. Joe was patrolling the streets of the city in his cruiser. "Suddenly, Joe was alerted to a crime happening near him by dispatch." Joe responded to the scene and found a bank robber fleeing on foot. Joe arrested the criminal and was promoted.	answer: positive
event: Joe recited the Miranda rights to the criminal. ends after he was promoted story: Joe was a police officer. Joe was patrolling the streets of the city in his cruiser. "Suddenly, Joe was alerted to a crime happening near him by dispatch." Joe responded to the scene and found a bank robber fleeing on foot. Joe arrested the criminal and was promoted.	answer: negative
event: Amy is married to her son's father. ends before She apply for custody of her son story: Amy went on a road trip to Georgia. She was going to apply for custody of her son. "She arrived in Atlanta, and hurried to the courthouse." She testified that her ex-husband wasn't fit to be a father. The judge granted Amy custody of her son.	answer: positive
event: Amy is married to her son's father. ends after She apply for custody of her son story: Amy went on a road trip to Georgia. She was going to apply for custody of her son. "She arrived in Atlanta, and hurried to the courthouse." She testified that her ex-husband wasn't fit to be a father. The judge granted Amy custody of her son.	answer: negative
event: Jeremy's boombox was taken away ends before Jeremy was given detention story: Jeremy brought his boombox to school. Everyone was very confused. He started playing it very loud. Teachers got angry and got security. They gave him suspension.	answer: positive
event: Jeremy's boombox was taken away ends after Jeremy was given detention story: Jeremy brought his boombox to school. Everyone was very confused. He started playing it very loud. Teachers got angry and got security. They gave him suspension.	answer: negative
event: Jeremy turned up the volume ends before They give him suspension story: Jeremy brought his boombox to school. Everyone was very confused. He started playing it very loud. Teachers got angry and got security. They gave him suspension.	answer: positive
event: Jeremy turned up the volume ends after They give him suspension story: Jeremy brought his boombox to school. Everyone was very confused. He started playing it very loud. Teachers got angry and got security. They gave him suspension.	answer: negative
event: Liza read a book on economics in the library ends before she left the library story: Liza was a star student in her high school. She walked home from the library one evening. A man pulled her into the alley and started groping her. Liza pulled out her pepper spray but it malfunctioned. Some students noticed the attacker and he fled.	answer: positive
event: Liza read a book on economics in the library ends after she left the library story: Liza was a star student in her high school. She walked home from the library one evening. A man pulled her into the alley and started groping her. Liza pulled out her pepper spray but it malfunctioned. Some students noticed the attacker and he fled.	answer: negative
event: Teddy sat near a window ends before He never be on a train story: Teddy was happy to be going with his family on a trip. He had never been on a train before. They boarded and found their seats. Teddy looked out the window with glee. He was having such a great time.	answer: positive
event: Teddy sat near a window ends after He never be on a train story: Teddy was happy to be going with his family on a trip. He had never been on a train before. They boarded and found their seats. Teddy looked out the window with glee. He was having such a great time.	answer: negative
event: The girls felt bad about not helping ends before they did laundry together story: Ashley is so sick of doing laundry. She lives with two other girls and none of them help. One night Ashley spoke her mind to the girls about it. They said they understand where she's coming from. Now all three girls do laundry together.	answer: positive
event: The girls felt bad about not helping ends after they did laundry together story: Ashley is so sick of doing laundry. She lives with two other girls and none of them help. One night Ashley spoke her mind to the girls about it. They said they understand where she's coming from. Now all three girls do laundry together.	answer: negative
event: I bought yard tools ends before I begin putting the shed together story: I needed a shed to contain my yard tools. I bought supplies and found a guide online. I followed the guide and began putting the shed together. "All week, I worked hard using power tools and manual labor." "After the week was over, I had a very nice shed."	answer: positive
event: I bought yard tools ends after I begin putting the shed together story: I needed a shed to contain my yard tools. I bought supplies and found a guide online. I followed the guide and began putting the shed together. "All week, I worked hard using power tools and manual labor." "After the week was over, I had a very nice shed."	answer: negative
event: Nancy met her best friend ends before Nancy quit smoking story: Nancy was a cigarette smoker. Her best friend smoked as well. "As they got older, Nancy's friend got cancer." Nancy became alarmed and treated it as a wake up call. Nancy quit smoking after her friend died.	answer: positive
event: Nancy met her best friend ends after Nancy quit smoking story: Nancy was a cigarette smoker. Her best friend smoked as well. "As they got older, Nancy's friend got cancer." Nancy became alarmed and treated it as a wake up call. Nancy quit smoking after her friend died.	answer: negative
event: Joshua felt discouraged. ends before he made the choice that felt right and just story: Joshua couldn't afford the assigned textbooks. His college textbooks were going to cost over 500 dollars. He knew that a similar amount would be expected in future quarters. Joshua had to decide between stealing them and switching majors. Joshua made the choice that felt right and just.	answer: positive
event: Joshua felt discouraged. ends after he made the choice that felt right and just story: Joshua couldn't afford the assigned textbooks. His college textbooks were going to cost over 500 dollars. He knew that a similar amount would be expected in future quarters. Joshua had to decide between stealing them and switching majors. Joshua made the choice that felt right and just.	answer: negative
event: Sarah gave birth to a son. ends before she teaches her son how not to be a rude boy. story: Sarah was in the first grade when she began to dislike boys. During that year she was held face down in the snow by a boy bully. Through the Year's following she was teased a lot by boys. She began to think all boys were rude and mean. "Not anymore, because now she teaches her son how not to be a rude boy."	answer: positive
event: Sarah gave birth to a son. ends after she teaches her son how not to be a rude boy. story: Sarah was in the first grade when she began to dislike boys. During that year she was held face down in the snow by a boy bully. Through the Year's following she was teased a lot by boys. She began to think all boys were rude and mean. "Not anymore, because now she teaches her son how not to be a rude boy."	answer: negative
event: My teammate avoided all the defenders/guards. ends before my teammate scored a touchdown story: The ball was thrown to me. There was 11 seconds left and I decided to run with the ball. Since two guards were running toward me, I threw the ball. My teammate, who was open, caught the ball and ran. He scored a touchdown.	answer: positive
event: My teammate avoided all the defenders/guards. ends after my teammate scored a touchdown story: The ball was thrown to me. There was 11 seconds left and I decided to run with the ball. Since two guards were running toward me, I threw the ball. My teammate, who was open, caught the ball and ran. He scored a touchdown.	answer: negative
event: The ball was in the boys hand. ends before the ball fell in story: I was throwing the baseball with my son. He threw one past me that landed in the lake. I reached in to get the ball. I lost my balance and fell in. I got the ball and a bath all in one shot!	answer: positive
event: The ball was in the boys hand. ends after the ball fell in story: I was throwing the baseball with my son. He threw one past me that landed in the lake. I reached in to get the ball. I lost my balance and fell in. I got the ball and a bath all in one shot!	answer: negative
event: We ran from the scary man. ends before we made it out of the corn maize story: A group of friends and I went to a corn maize. It was a dark night and the corn maize was said to be haunted. A scary man jumped out and scared us. We ended up lost in the maize for two hours. We made it out and were glad we experienced the maze together.	answer: positive
event: We ran from the scary man. ends after we made it out of the corn maize story: A group of friends and I went to a corn maize. It was a dark night and the corn maize was said to be haunted. A scary man jumped out and scared us. We ended up lost in the maize for two hours. We made it out and were glad we experienced the maze together.	answer: negative
event: I gave birth to a daughter ends before This make me feel very strong for some reason story: My daughter likes to work out with me when I do exercises. After I do an exercise she will try to mimic it. When I do military presses with dumbbells she also tries. But she cannot even lift them off the floor. This always makes me feel very strong for some reason.	answer: positive
event: I gave birth to a daughter ends after This make me feel very strong for some reason story: My daughter likes to work out with me when I do exercises. After I do an exercise she will try to mimic it. When I do military presses with dumbbells she also tries. But she cannot even lift them off the floor. This always makes me feel very strong for some reason.	answer: negative
event: We calmed down in order to solve the maize ends before we made it out story: A group of friends and I went to a corn maize. It was a dark night and the corn maize was said to be haunted. A scary man jumped out and scared us. We ended up lost in the maize for two hours. We made it out and were glad we experienced the maze together.	answer: positive
event: We calmed down in order to solve the maize ends after we made it out story: A group of friends and I went to a corn maize. It was a dark night and the corn maize was said to be haunted. A scary man jumped out and scared us. We ended up lost in the maize for two hours. We made it out and were glad we experienced the maze together.	answer: negative
event: Maggie takes her phone with her when she leaves ends before she arrived at the theater story: Maggie had plans to see a concert. She arrived at the theater on time. "For some reason, there was nobody there." She opened her phone to check for any notices. "Then, she discovered that the concert had been cancelled."	answer: positive
event: Maggie takes her phone with her when she leaves ends after she arrived at the theater story: Maggie had plans to see a concert. She arrived at the theater on time. "For some reason, there was nobody there." She opened her phone to check for any notices. "Then, she discovered that the concert had been cancelled."	answer: negative
event: Nora scheduled a checkup at the doctor. ends before She bring the book with her to the doctor 's office story: Nora was reading a book. She brought the book with her to the doctor's office. Nora forgot the book at the doctor's office. Nora realized she forgot the book. She went back to the office to retrieve her book.	answer: positive
event: Nora scheduled a checkup at the doctor. ends after She bring the book with her to the doctor 's office story: Nora was reading a book. She brought the book with her to the doctor's office. Nora forgot the book at the doctor's office. Nora realized she forgot the book. She went back to the office to retrieve her book.	answer: negative
event: Nellie obtains a diary ends before her entries be stilted and brief story: Nellie decided to keep a diary. She wrote in it every day after school. At first her entries were stilted and brief. "But gradually, she started to write longer and more detailed entries." Soon Nellie had come to think of her diary as her best friend!	answer: positive
event: Nellie obtains a diary ends after her entries be stilted and brief story: Nellie decided to keep a diary. She wrote in it every day after school. At first her entries were stilted and brief. "But gradually, she started to write longer and more detailed entries." Soon Nellie had come to think of her diary as her best friend!	answer: negative
event: The son was born. ends before I throw the baseball with my son story: I was throwing the baseball with my son. He threw one past me that landed in the lake. I reached in to get the ball. I lost my balance and fell in. I got the ball and a bath all in one shot!	answer: positive
event: The son was born. ends after I throw the baseball with my son story: I was throwing the baseball with my son. He threw one past me that landed in the lake. I reached in to get the ball. I lost my balance and fell in. I got the ball and a bath all in one shot!	answer: negative
event: At least 82 killed starts before At least 82 were killed and more than 1,700 injured officials said as dawn broke Saturday story: NAIROBI , Kenya ( AP ) _ Terrorist bombings at U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania blew apart buildings and buses , trapping people under slabs of concrete and twisted steel that rescuers cleared with cranes , blow torches and bare hands . At least 82 were  killed and more than 1,700 injured , officials  said as dawn broke Saturday . Dozens of people were still missing , however , and the death toll was expected to rise , they said . The suspected car bombings occurred 700 kilometers ( 450 miles ) from each other but just minutes apart on Friday , turning busy streets in two African capitals into bloody piles of concrete and knots of steel . ` ` This appears to have been a very well - coordinated , very well - planned attack _ clearly not the work of amateurs , ' ' U.S. National Security Council spokesman P.J. Crowley said in Washington . No one has claimed responsibility . The blast in Nairobi occurred at about 10:35 a.m. ( 0735 GMT ) Friday , toppling a crowded building toward the embassy and a street packed with cars , trucks and buses . At least 75 people were killed and 1,643 wounded there , Red Cross and ambulance officials said . 	answer: positive
event: At least 82 killed starts after At least 82 were killed and more than 1,700 injured officials said as dawn broke Saturday story: NAIROBI , Kenya ( AP ) _ Terrorist bombings at U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania blew apart buildings and buses , trapping people under slabs of concrete and twisted steel that rescuers cleared with cranes , blow torches and bare hands . At least 82 were  killed and more than 1,700 injured , officials  said as dawn broke Saturday . Dozens of people were still missing , however , and the death toll was expected to rise , they said . The suspected car bombings occurred 700 kilometers ( 450 miles ) from each other but just minutes apart on Friday , turning busy streets in two African capitals into bloody piles of concrete and knots of steel . ` ` This appears to have been a very well - coordinated , very well - planned attack _ clearly not the work of amateurs , ' ' U.S. National Security Council spokesman P.J. Crowley said in Washington . No one has claimed responsibility . The blast in Nairobi occurred at about 10:35 a.m. ( 0735 GMT ) Friday , toppling a crowded building toward the embassy and a street packed with cars , trucks and buses . At least 75 people were killed and 1,643 wounded there , Red Cross and ambulance officials said . 	answer: negative
event: Each right entitles the shareholder to buy $ 100 face amount of 13.5 % bonds due 1993 and warrants to buy 23.5 common shares at 30 cents a share starts before The rights which expire Nov. 21 story: Integra - A Hotel amp Restaurant Co. said its planned rights offering to raise about $ 9 million was declared effective and the company will begin mailing materials to shareholders at the end of this week . Under the offer , shareholders will receive one right for each 105 common shares owned . Each right  entitles the shareholder to buy $ 100 face amount of 13.5 % bonds due 1993 and warrants to buy 23.5 common shares at 30 cents a share . The rights , which  expire Nov. 21 , can be exercised for $ 100 each . Integra , which owns and operates hotels , said that Hallwood Group Inc. has agreed to exercise any rights that are n't exercised by other shareholders . Hallwood , a Cleveland merchant bank , owns about 11 % of Integra . 	answer: positive
event: Each right entitles the shareholder to buy $ 100 face amount of 13.5 % bonds due 1993 and warrants to buy 23.5 common shares at 30 cents a share starts after The rights which expire Nov. 21 story: Integra - A Hotel amp Restaurant Co. said its planned rights offering to raise about $ 9 million was declared effective and the company will begin mailing materials to shareholders at the end of this week . Under the offer , shareholders will receive one right for each 105 common shares owned . Each right  entitles the shareholder to buy $ 100 face amount of 13.5 % bonds due 1993 and warrants to buy 23.5 common shares at 30 cents a share . The rights , which  expire Nov. 21 , can be exercised for $ 100 each . Integra , which owns and operates hotels , said that Hallwood Group Inc. has agreed to exercise any rights that are n't exercised by other shareholders . Hallwood , a Cleveland merchant bank , owns about 11 % of Integra . 	answer: negative
event: Cuban television , which clings to the Communist Party line promote its papal coverage starts after some Cuban Americans who left here when Castro came to power story: Good evening from the central park in downtown Havana . We are here this week to witness the rendezvous that Fidel Castro and the Pope are having with history . Everything that happens in Cuba gets America 's attention . Incidentally , we just show up to do the broadcast , and Cubans want to know what we 're going to tell Americans , in many cases , what their relatives in the United States are going to hear . Well , this is the eve of the Pope 's visit to one of the last bastions of Communism anywhere in the world , and it is already causing enormous expectations . In Revolution Square , they put up a giant cross today . And right across from the Cuban revolutionary icon Che Guevara , they now have a giant portrait of Jesus . Above it in Spanish , Jesus , in you we believe . Not all Cubans believe , but Castro has invited everyone to welcome the man who has been one of Communism 's most effective adversaries , and that 's why there is suspense . Everyone appears to believe that somehow Cuba is going to change . Castro has said officially that it 's okay to be enthusiastic . Today , hundreds of people from the US began to arrive , including some Cuban Americans who  left here when Castro came to power and are returning to Havana for the first time . The Pope 's visit is important , but they are also coming home . This is quite an extraordinary story unfolding here . We 'll come back to Havana later in the broadcast . Diane ? 	answer: positive
event: Cuban television , which clings to the Communist Party line promote its papal coverage starts before some Cuban Americans who left here when Castro came to power story: Good evening from the central park in downtown Havana . We are here this week to witness the rendezvous that Fidel Castro and the Pope are having with history . Everything that happens in Cuba gets America 's attention . Incidentally , we just show up to do the broadcast , and Cubans want to know what we 're going to tell Americans , in many cases , what their relatives in the United States are going to hear . Well , this is the eve of the Pope 's visit to one of the last bastions of Communism anywhere in the world , and it is already causing enormous expectations . In Revolution Square , they put up a giant cross today . And right across from the Cuban revolutionary icon Che Guevara , they now have a giant portrait of Jesus . Above it in Spanish , Jesus , in you we believe . Not all Cubans believe , but Castro has invited everyone to welcome the man who has been one of Communism 's most effective adversaries , and that 's why there is suspense . Everyone appears to believe that somehow Cuba is going to change . Castro has said officially that it 's okay to be enthusiastic . Today , hundreds of people from the US began to arrive , including some Cuban Americans who  left here when Castro came to power and are returning to Havana for the first time . The Pope 's visit is important , but they are also coming home . This is quite an extraordinary story unfolding here . We 'll come back to Havana later in the broadcast . Diane ? 	answer: negative
event: General Motors Corp. 's big defense and automotive electronics unit , GM Hughes Electronics , said net income fell 22 % in the third quarter , reflecting declining military spending and slumping GM vehicle production starts after net income fell 22 % in the third quarter reflecting declining military spending and slumping GM vehicle production story: General Motors Corp. 's big defense and automotive electronics unit , GM Hughes Electronics ,  said net income  fell 22 % in the third quarter , reflecting declining military spending and slumping GM vehicle production . Meanwhile , net at GM 's finance arm , General Motors Acceptance Corp. , fell 3.1 % . Earnings for GM common stock , reflecting the performance of GM 's core automotive operations , will be disclosed this morning . GM Class H , which represents a dividend interest in Hughes earnings , closed at $ 29 , up 25 cents in Big Board composite trading . GM Class E , which represents a dividend interest in EDS profit , fell 75 cents to $ 52.25 on the Big Board . Profit at the unit fell to $ 110.6 million , or 37 cents a share , from $ 142.4 million , or 45 cents a share , largely because of a $ 24 million one - time charge associated with Hughes 's previously announced plan to reduce employment by at least 6,000 people by year end . Even excluding the charge , however , net fell 5 % . In the nine months , GM Hughes net fell 6.6 % to $ 486.6 million , or $ 1.48 a share , from $ 521 million , or $ 1.58 a share . Revenue rose 3.5 % to $ 8.47 billion from $ 8.18 billion . Revenue rose 14 % to $ 4.03 billion from $ 3.54 billion . Revenue from non - GM accounts was 45 % of EDS 's total business in the latest nine months , compared with 40 % a year earlier . 	answer: positive
event: General Motors Corp. 's big defense and automotive electronics unit , GM Hughes Electronics , said net income fell 22 % in the third quarter , reflecting declining military spending and slumping GM vehicle production starts before net income fell 22 % in the third quarter reflecting declining military spending and slumping GM vehicle production story: General Motors Corp. 's big defense and automotive electronics unit , GM Hughes Electronics ,  said net income  fell 22 % in the third quarter , reflecting declining military spending and slumping GM vehicle production . Meanwhile , net at GM 's finance arm , General Motors Acceptance Corp. , fell 3.1 % . Earnings for GM common stock , reflecting the performance of GM 's core automotive operations , will be disclosed this morning . GM Class H , which represents a dividend interest in Hughes earnings , closed at $ 29 , up 25 cents in Big Board composite trading . GM Class E , which represents a dividend interest in EDS profit , fell 75 cents to $ 52.25 on the Big Board . Profit at the unit fell to $ 110.6 million , or 37 cents a share , from $ 142.4 million , or 45 cents a share , largely because of a $ 24 million one - time charge associated with Hughes 's previously announced plan to reduce employment by at least 6,000 people by year end . Even excluding the charge , however , net fell 5 % . In the nine months , GM Hughes net fell 6.6 % to $ 486.6 million , or $ 1.48 a share , from $ 521 million , or $ 1.58 a share . Revenue rose 3.5 % to $ 8.47 billion from $ 8.18 billion . Revenue rose 14 % to $ 4.03 billion from $ 3.54 billion . Revenue from non - GM accounts was 45 % of EDS 's total business in the latest nine months , compared with 40 % a year earlier . 	answer: negative
event: the two nations ' trade turnover which fell to dlrs 14 billion last year down dlrs 2.5 billion from 1996 starts before The two presidents on Friday signed the plan , which calls for cooperation in the metallurgy , fuel , energy , aircraft building , missile , space and chemical industries story: Their solution would require a compromise between the two nations ' parliaments . In effect , the treaty amounts to Russian recognition of Ukraine 's sovereignty and borders , and the Ukrainian parliament has already ratified it . However , Russia has stalled ratification , trying to tie it to an agreement that would permit the Russian navy to use a naval base on Ukraine 's Crimean peninsula for at least 20 more years . In their joint statement issued after the talks , Yeltsin and Kuchma called for the fastest possible ratification of the treaty , saying it would create a ` ` strong legal foundation ' ' for bilateral ties and help stability in Europe . Kuchma assured Yeltsin that Ukraine would not join NATO , Yeltsin 's spokesman Sergei Yastrzhembsky said , according to the Interfax news agency . Last year , Russian officials assailed Ukraine for holding joint naval exercises with NATO in the Black Sea _ an area Moscow considers its own turf . Kuchma has said repeatedly that Ukraine would remain neutral for the foreseeable future . A major goal of Kuchma 's four - day state visit was the signing of a 10-year economic program aimed at doubling the two nations ' trade turnover , which  fell to dlrs 14 billion last year , down dlrs 2.5 billion from 1996 . A major project is joint manufacturing of An-70 cargo planes , the Kremlin statement said . The program also calls for coordination of economic reforms and joint improvement of social programs in the two countries , where many people have become impoverished during the chaotic post - Soviet transition to capitalism . 	answer: positive
event: the two nations ' trade turnover which fell to dlrs 14 billion last year down dlrs 2.5 billion from 1996 starts after The two presidents on Friday signed the plan , which calls for cooperation in the metallurgy , fuel , energy , aircraft building , missile , space and chemical industries story: Their solution would require a compromise between the two nations ' parliaments . In effect , the treaty amounts to Russian recognition of Ukraine 's sovereignty and borders , and the Ukrainian parliament has already ratified it . However , Russia has stalled ratification , trying to tie it to an agreement that would permit the Russian navy to use a naval base on Ukraine 's Crimean peninsula for at least 20 more years . In their joint statement issued after the talks , Yeltsin and Kuchma called for the fastest possible ratification of the treaty , saying it would create a ` ` strong legal foundation ' ' for bilateral ties and help stability in Europe . Kuchma assured Yeltsin that Ukraine would not join NATO , Yeltsin 's spokesman Sergei Yastrzhembsky said , according to the Interfax news agency . Last year , Russian officials assailed Ukraine for holding joint naval exercises with NATO in the Black Sea _ an area Moscow considers its own turf . Kuchma has said repeatedly that Ukraine would remain neutral for the foreseeable future . A major goal of Kuchma 's four - day state visit was the signing of a 10-year economic program aimed at doubling the two nations ' trade turnover , which  fell to dlrs 14 billion last year , down dlrs 2.5 billion from 1996 . A major project is joint manufacturing of An-70 cargo planes , the Kremlin statement said . The program also calls for coordination of economic reforms and joint improvement of social programs in the two countries , where many people have become impoverished during the chaotic post - Soviet transition to capitalism . 	answer: negative
event: President Fidel Castro said Friday she had been ` ` practically kidnapped ' ' by the boyfriend who perished along with her on the boat wreck her 6-year - old son survived starts after the boyfriend who perished along with her on the boat wreck story: HAVANA ( AP ) -- Calling the mother of Elian Gonzalez ` ` an excellent girl , ' ' Castro 's remarks to a conference of economists were aimed at those who say that Elian should remain in the United States because his mother sacrificed his life to take her to ` ` freedom , ' ' a vision he called a cliche . He placed the blame on Lazaro Rafael Munero , who apparently organized the ill - fated journey on which Elian 's mother Elisabeth Brotons and 10 other people -- including Munero -- died . According to sources quoted by the Miami Herald , Munero had fled to Florida in June 1998 and returned to Cuba later that year , only to be jailed for several months . Tens of thousands of children flooded Havana 's Plaza of the Revolution to deliver a dual homage to Marti and Elian , the 6-year - old Cuban whose rescue off Florida 's coast two months ago set off a tug - of - war between relatives living on both sides of the Florida Straits . ` ` Che ' ' Guevara and said the boy ` ` has been converted forever into a symbol of the crimes and injustices that imperialism is capable of committing against an innocent . ' Similar events were held all day in the capital and across the island . Fidel Castro 's government has been using such traditional political events -- along with other rallies almost every day -- to draw attention to the case of Elian , who was rescued Nov. 25 while clinging to an inner tube . ` ` What is important for me is that they return the boy to me as soon as possible . ' 	answer: positive
event: President Fidel Castro said Friday she had been ` ` practically kidnapped ' ' by the boyfriend who perished along with her on the boat wreck her 6-year - old son survived starts before the boyfriend who perished along with her on the boat wreck story: HAVANA ( AP ) -- Calling the mother of Elian Gonzalez ` ` an excellent girl , ' ' Castro 's remarks to a conference of economists were aimed at those who say that Elian should remain in the United States because his mother sacrificed his life to take her to ` ` freedom , ' ' a vision he called a cliche . He placed the blame on Lazaro Rafael Munero , who apparently organized the ill - fated journey on which Elian 's mother Elisabeth Brotons and 10 other people -- including Munero -- died . According to sources quoted by the Miami Herald , Munero had fled to Florida in June 1998 and returned to Cuba later that year , only to be jailed for several months . Tens of thousands of children flooded Havana 's Plaza of the Revolution to deliver a dual homage to Marti and Elian , the 6-year - old Cuban whose rescue off Florida 's coast two months ago set off a tug - of - war between relatives living on both sides of the Florida Straits . ` ` Che ' ' Guevara and said the boy ` ` has been converted forever into a symbol of the crimes and injustices that imperialism is capable of committing against an innocent . ' Similar events were held all day in the capital and across the island . Fidel Castro 's government has been using such traditional political events -- along with other rallies almost every day -- to draw attention to the case of Elian , who was rescued Nov. 25 while clinging to an inner tube . ` ` What is important for me is that they return the boy to me as soon as possible . ' 	answer: negative
event: ` Small nationalist communities are not going to be left on their own this summer said Gerard Rice , a former IRA prisoner who leads anti - Orange protests in a Catholic neighborhood of south Belfast starts after they marched within Portadown 's few Catholic streets story: BELFAST , Northern Ireland ( AP ) Police seized a car bomb under construction Sunday in a town bordering Northern Ireland on the eve of the return to peace talks by the IRA - allied Sinn Fein party . Chief Superintendent Al McHugh said the bomb discovered in the Irish Republic was destined for an unknown target in Northern Ireland and ` ` would have caused massive destruction . ' ' They arrested two men in connection with the bomb factory , which also contained circuitry , detonating cord and the Mitsubishi truck that would have carried the bomb . But Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams kept his party out pending meetings with British Prime Minister Tony Blair 10 days ago and President Clinton last week . He said the north 's substantial Catholic minority demanded a settlement that would promote Northern Ireland 's eventual unification with the Irish Republic . ` ` Nationalists in the north are not a minority in someone else 's country . We are Irish citizens , living in our own country , ' ' Riot police in armored cars , shields and helmets prevented a few hundred Protestants , many waving British and Ulster flags , from interfering with the Catholics as they  marched within Portadown 's few Catholic streets . Earlier Sunday , police and militant Protestants clashed in a religiously polarized part of north Belfast . Police said an unmarked police car was hit with gasoline bombs from the Protestant side . An elderly Catholic man was hospitalized from cuts after a Protestant gasoline bomb landed in his back yard . 	answer: positive
event: ` Small nationalist communities are not going to be left on their own this summer said Gerard Rice , a former IRA prisoner who leads anti - Orange protests in a Catholic neighborhood of south Belfast starts before they marched within Portadown 's few Catholic streets story: BELFAST , Northern Ireland ( AP ) Police seized a car bomb under construction Sunday in a town bordering Northern Ireland on the eve of the return to peace talks by the IRA - allied Sinn Fein party . Chief Superintendent Al McHugh said the bomb discovered in the Irish Republic was destined for an unknown target in Northern Ireland and ` ` would have caused massive destruction . ' ' They arrested two men in connection with the bomb factory , which also contained circuitry , detonating cord and the Mitsubishi truck that would have carried the bomb . But Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams kept his party out pending meetings with British Prime Minister Tony Blair 10 days ago and President Clinton last week . He said the north 's substantial Catholic minority demanded a settlement that would promote Northern Ireland 's eventual unification with the Irish Republic . ` ` Nationalists in the north are not a minority in someone else 's country . We are Irish citizens , living in our own country , ' ' Riot police in armored cars , shields and helmets prevented a few hundred Protestants , many waving British and Ulster flags , from interfering with the Catholics as they  marched within Portadown 's few Catholic streets . Earlier Sunday , police and militant Protestants clashed in a religiously polarized part of north Belfast . Police said an unmarked police car was hit with gasoline bombs from the Protestant side . An elderly Catholic man was hospitalized from cuts after a Protestant gasoline bomb landed in his back yard . 	answer: negative
event: we today accept the guarantee that my country never again will become the powerless victim of foreign invasion starts after those who fought for freedom story: Albright exclaimed . ` ` Hungary has come home . In a touch of symbolism , the ceremony took place at the Harry S. Truman Library . Ironically , NATO 's three newest members just a decade ago were still under the Soviet umbrella . There were 12 original members of NATO at the time of its founding . The new additions bring the total to 19 and many other hopefuls are waiting in the wings : Slovenia , Romania , Bulgaria , Slovakia , Lithuania , Estonia and Latvia . NATO 's mission has changed dramatically since its founding in 1949 , a time when the West was intent on halting the westward spread of Soviet - led communism -- a threat Winston Churchill warned about in his famous ` ` Iron Curtain ' ' speech delivered on March 5 , 1946 , at Westminster College in Fulton , Mo. , 130 miles east of here . NATO warplanes helped end the war in Bosnia almost four years ago and now are poised to intervene in Yugoslavia should peace efforts in the province of Kosovo fail . A decade ago , the military planning of Poland , Hungary and the Czech Republic was built around the possibility of a ground assault toward the west . Former Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev says the push east signifies a rejection of the common European security system that was discussed at the end of the Cold War . Russian Foreign Minister Igor Ivanov calls extending NATO membership into Eastern Europe ` ` a movement in the wrong direction . ' ' ` ` All European states must cooperate in creating a joint security system , ' ' he was quoted as saying . 	answer: positive
event: we today accept the guarantee that my country never again will become the powerless victim of foreign invasion starts before those who fought for freedom story: Albright exclaimed . ` ` Hungary has come home . In a touch of symbolism , the ceremony took place at the Harry S. Truman Library . Ironically , NATO 's three newest members just a decade ago were still under the Soviet umbrella . There were 12 original members of NATO at the time of its founding . The new additions bring the total to 19 and many other hopefuls are waiting in the wings : Slovenia , Romania , Bulgaria , Slovakia , Lithuania , Estonia and Latvia . NATO 's mission has changed dramatically since its founding in 1949 , a time when the West was intent on halting the westward spread of Soviet - led communism -- a threat Winston Churchill warned about in his famous ` ` Iron Curtain ' ' speech delivered on March 5 , 1946 , at Westminster College in Fulton , Mo. , 130 miles east of here . NATO warplanes helped end the war in Bosnia almost four years ago and now are poised to intervene in Yugoslavia should peace efforts in the province of Kosovo fail . A decade ago , the military planning of Poland , Hungary and the Czech Republic was built around the possibility of a ground assault toward the west . Former Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev says the push east signifies a rejection of the common European security system that was discussed at the end of the Cold War . Russian Foreign Minister Igor Ivanov calls extending NATO membership into Eastern Europe ` ` a movement in the wrong direction . ' ' ` ` All European states must cooperate in creating a joint security system , ' ' he was quoted as saying . 	answer: negative
event: Moreover immigration law provides that asylum can only be granted where there is an imminent threat of torture or persecution in the petitioner 's homeland , which nobody expects in Elian 's case starts before failed Communist state story: Some semblance of constitutional order was necessary after a Miami judge turned legal logic on its head in an effort to route to her family court his Florida relatives ' appeal to keep the 6-year - old in the United States . Immigration , after all , is strictly a federal matter . If and when the relatives ' appeal goes to federal court , chances of a favorable ruling are slim . Moreover , immigration law  provides that asylum can only be granted where there is an imminent threat of torture or persecution in the petitioner 's homeland , which nobody expects in Elian 's case . The INS routinely sends prospective immigrants back to countries where poverty and tyranny are worse than in Cuba . _ his father and both sets of grandparents in Cuba . True , they ca n't give him all the material things his Miami benefactors can , but there are intangibles in close family bonds that are more valuable than bicycles and trips to Disney World . The next order of business for the Justice Department and the INS is to resolve Elian 's case promptly . They must n't countenance any delays by lawyers for his Miami relatives . He has been separated from his loved ones too long . Already one grandstanding Indiana Republican has subpoenaed Elian to testify before a House panel , and others in the Senate are preparing to vote the boy U.S. citizenship . Both ploys are intended to thwart his reunion with his father . Congress reconvenes Jan. 24 . The Justice Department and the INS must n't allow the opportunists of Capitol Hill to get their hooks into Elian . 	answer: positive
event: Moreover immigration law provides that asylum can only be granted where there is an imminent threat of torture or persecution in the petitioner 's homeland , which nobody expects in Elian 's case starts after failed Communist state story: Some semblance of constitutional order was necessary after a Miami judge turned legal logic on its head in an effort to route to her family court his Florida relatives ' appeal to keep the 6-year - old in the United States . Immigration , after all , is strictly a federal matter . If and when the relatives ' appeal goes to federal court , chances of a favorable ruling are slim . Moreover , immigration law  provides that asylum can only be granted where there is an imminent threat of torture or persecution in the petitioner 's homeland , which nobody expects in Elian 's case . The INS routinely sends prospective immigrants back to countries where poverty and tyranny are worse than in Cuba . _ his father and both sets of grandparents in Cuba . True , they ca n't give him all the material things his Miami benefactors can , but there are intangibles in close family bonds that are more valuable than bicycles and trips to Disney World . The next order of business for the Justice Department and the INS is to resolve Elian 's case promptly . They must n't countenance any delays by lawyers for his Miami relatives . He has been separated from his loved ones too long . Already one grandstanding Indiana Republican has subpoenaed Elian to testify before a House panel , and others in the Senate are preparing to vote the boy U.S. citizenship . Both ploys are intended to thwart his reunion with his father . Congress reconvenes Jan. 24 . The Justice Department and the INS must n't allow the opportunists of Capitol Hill to get their hooks into Elian . 	answer: negative
event: Elian 's Miami relatives filed affidavits starts before alleging Gonzalez abused his former wife and his 6-year - old son story: After a weekend of bitter accusations lobbed by both sides of the Elian Gonzalez custody battle , attention returned today to the federal judges deciding a key point in the international case . Such a decision would allow the U.S. government to push for the 6-year - old boy 's swift reunion in Washington with his waiting father , Juan Miguel Gonzalez , who wants to return to Cuba . He has said he will wait out appeals by the Miami relatives seeking an asylum hearing for Elian before the same court -- but only if he has custody of his son . His mother and 10 other people fleeing Cuba drowned when their boat sank . The Clinton administration has pushed for the boy 's return to his father , ruling only he can speak for his son on immigration matters . He can not decide for himself . The one that decides for him is me , his father . ' ' During the time of the broadcast on Sunday , family members and Elian were outside the home of Lazaro Gonzalez and did not publicly comment after the show . Protesters , however , dismissed Juan Miguel 's comments as either selfish or the words of Fidel Castro . ' ' Priests joined the crowd to offer a religious service . ' ' There are many people who tell us that we should give up this fight , ' ' said Martin Anorga , an evangelical pastor . ' ' But we will follow in the path that the Lord has shown us , despite those who want to get in our way . ' ' 	answer: positive
event: Elian 's Miami relatives filed affidavits starts after alleging Gonzalez abused his former wife and his 6-year - old son story: After a weekend of bitter accusations lobbed by both sides of the Elian Gonzalez custody battle , attention returned today to the federal judges deciding a key point in the international case . Such a decision would allow the U.S. government to push for the 6-year - old boy 's swift reunion in Washington with his waiting father , Juan Miguel Gonzalez , who wants to return to Cuba . He has said he will wait out appeals by the Miami relatives seeking an asylum hearing for Elian before the same court -- but only if he has custody of his son . His mother and 10 other people fleeing Cuba drowned when their boat sank . The Clinton administration has pushed for the boy 's return to his father , ruling only he can speak for his son on immigration matters . He can not decide for himself . The one that decides for him is me , his father . ' ' During the time of the broadcast on Sunday , family members and Elian were outside the home of Lazaro Gonzalez and did not publicly comment after the show . Protesters , however , dismissed Juan Miguel 's comments as either selfish or the words of Fidel Castro . ' ' Priests joined the crowd to offer a religious service . ' ' There are many people who tell us that we should give up this fight , ' ' said Martin Anorga , an evangelical pastor . ' ' But we will follow in the path that the Lord has shown us , despite those who want to get in our way . ' ' 	answer: negative
event: Pastor James Allmen of the fellowship church and school in Ashburn led the anti - Saudi campaign starts before he has no problem with a privately funded academy story: Tomorrow the board of supervisors of Loudon county , Virginia , will vote on whether a school now located in Mount Vernon can relocate to their county . In some respects , that 's typical county business , but tomorrow 's vote has international implications . The board will decide whether the Islamic Saudi Academy , funded by the government of Saudi Arabia , can move to Ashburn village , Virginia . The World 's Nancy Marshalll has our story . Inside the Islamic Saudi academy in Mount Vernon , Virginia , many of the girls wear head scarves and some of the neatly dressed children are in uniforms . The school says it teaches the children to be good Muslims and good students . They 're learning a civics lesson from the residents of Loudon county . James Zogby of the Arab American Institute says it 's a familiar story . There is , That 's correct . At a public hearing on the Islamic Saudi Academy 's application , the split in county opinion was obvious , supporters of the academy , including Ann Robinson , said the Saudis were just providing a service and it was unfair to penalize children . But opponents said the school might be a target for terrorist attacks , complained about its tax exempt status , and wondered why the Saudis are not compelled to allow Christians to worship in their country . I urge you to do the right thing and send a message to the Saudis that the citizens of Loudon county embrace religious and human freedom . According to the Arab American institute , Islam will one day be the second largest religion in the country . 	answer: positive
event: Pastor James Allmen of the fellowship church and school in Ashburn led the anti - Saudi campaign starts after he has no problem with a privately funded academy story: Tomorrow the board of supervisors of Loudon county , Virginia , will vote on whether a school now located in Mount Vernon can relocate to their county . In some respects , that 's typical county business , but tomorrow 's vote has international implications . The board will decide whether the Islamic Saudi Academy , funded by the government of Saudi Arabia , can move to Ashburn village , Virginia . The World 's Nancy Marshalll has our story . Inside the Islamic Saudi academy in Mount Vernon , Virginia , many of the girls wear head scarves and some of the neatly dressed children are in uniforms . The school says it teaches the children to be good Muslims and good students . They 're learning a civics lesson from the residents of Loudon county . James Zogby of the Arab American Institute says it 's a familiar story . There is , That 's correct . At a public hearing on the Islamic Saudi Academy 's application , the split in county opinion was obvious , supporters of the academy , including Ann Robinson , said the Saudis were just providing a service and it was unfair to penalize children . But opponents said the school might be a target for terrorist attacks , complained about its tax exempt status , and wondered why the Saudis are not compelled to allow Christians to worship in their country . I urge you to do the right thing and send a message to the Saudis that the citizens of Loudon county embrace religious and human freedom . According to the Arab American institute , Islam will one day be the second largest religion in the country . 	answer: negative
event: a suspect who returned from Pakistan starts before Albright heading to Nairobi in a small plane when an engine of the Boeing 747 she had flown in from Washington overheated story: _ ` ` Together , we promise to bring to justice the murderers of our friends , ' ' she told American and Tanzanian workers at the bomb - hit U.S. Embassy in Dar es Salaam , Tanzania . FBI agents , meanwhile , pushed ahead with their all - out investigation into the bombings . She was scheduled to lay flowers at the bombed embassy , talk to Kenyan embassy guards and others who survived the blast and meet with President Daniel arap Moi in a five - hour visit before returning home . Albright helped hang a poster advertising a reward of up to dlrs 2 million for information leading to the bombers ' arrest . She then lavished praise , and the State Department 's award for heroism , on embassy staffers before meeting with bombing victims at the Muhimbili Medical Center and with government officials . She also pledged to ask Congress to approve a still - undetermined amount of emergency funding to pay for re - establishing embassy operations in Tanzania and Kenya and to compensate victims ' families . But Tanzanian Foreign Minister Jakaya Kikwete , speaking at a joint news conference with Albright , said there are no ill feelings in Tanzania toward Americans because of their handling of the rescue , as there are among some Kenyans . The head of the FBI investigation in Dar es Salaam , Kenneth Piernick , said the bureau has questioned more than 100 people there , but indicated that most of the interrogations had led nowhere . ` ` Right now my evidence is scant , and I 'm not going to draw conclusions based on that , ' ' he said . 	answer: positive
event: a suspect who returned from Pakistan starts after Albright heading to Nairobi in a small plane when an engine of the Boeing 747 she had flown in from Washington overheated story: _ ` ` Together , we promise to bring to justice the murderers of our friends , ' ' she told American and Tanzanian workers at the bomb - hit U.S. Embassy in Dar es Salaam , Tanzania . FBI agents , meanwhile , pushed ahead with their all - out investigation into the bombings . She was scheduled to lay flowers at the bombed embassy , talk to Kenyan embassy guards and others who survived the blast and meet with President Daniel arap Moi in a five - hour visit before returning home . Albright helped hang a poster advertising a reward of up to dlrs 2 million for information leading to the bombers ' arrest . She then lavished praise , and the State Department 's award for heroism , on embassy staffers before meeting with bombing victims at the Muhimbili Medical Center and with government officials . She also pledged to ask Congress to approve a still - undetermined amount of emergency funding to pay for re - establishing embassy operations in Tanzania and Kenya and to compensate victims ' families . But Tanzanian Foreign Minister Jakaya Kikwete , speaking at a joint news conference with Albright , said there are no ill feelings in Tanzania toward Americans because of their handling of the rescue , as there are among some Kenyans . The head of the FBI investigation in Dar es Salaam , Kenneth Piernick , said the bureau has questioned more than 100 people there , but indicated that most of the interrogations had led nowhere . ` ` Right now my evidence is scant , and I 'm not going to draw conclusions based on that , ' ' he said . 	answer: negative
event: they opposed abortion starts before In Amherst residents who said they opposed abortion decried the attack story: Additional details of the slaying emerged on Sunday . Slepian 's wife and one son tried to revive him . Just over an hour later , he was declared dead at nearby Millard Fillmore Suburban Hospital . For the most part , people on both sides of the abortion issue expressed outrage at the shooting . Spitz said in a statement released to The Associated Press , ` ` the same way we would want someone to protect us . ' Most other opponents of abortion , however , condemned the shooting and abortion . Religious leaders in Buffalo also condemned the shooting . but he went on to defend the Church 's opposition to abortion as ` ` respecting of human life in all its forms , especially the most vulnerable . ' ` ` I think that when pro - life organizations try to distinguish between themselves and these incidents they are at best being disingenuous , ' ' she said . Men smoking cigars and drinking beer with friends after shooting skeet at the Buffalo Shooting Club in Amherst said their feelings about abortion were mixed , but they uniformly denounced the killing of Slepian . Many residents said abortion had gradually dwindled as a local issue since Operation Rescue , an anti - abortion group , started a series of largely unsuccessful ` ` Spring of Life ' ' demonstrations in 1992 intended to shut down abortion clinics and harass local doctors , including Slepian . ` ` The only people that are left are the hard - core , fanatical people , ' ' said Larry Finkelstien , a high school teacher who works as an escort at abortion clinics . 	answer: positive
event: they opposed abortion starts after In Amherst residents who said they opposed abortion decried the attack story: Additional details of the slaying emerged on Sunday . Slepian 's wife and one son tried to revive him . Just over an hour later , he was declared dead at nearby Millard Fillmore Suburban Hospital . For the most part , people on both sides of the abortion issue expressed outrage at the shooting . Spitz said in a statement released to The Associated Press , ` ` the same way we would want someone to protect us . ' Most other opponents of abortion , however , condemned the shooting and abortion . Religious leaders in Buffalo also condemned the shooting . but he went on to defend the Church 's opposition to abortion as ` ` respecting of human life in all its forms , especially the most vulnerable . ' ` ` I think that when pro - life organizations try to distinguish between themselves and these incidents they are at best being disingenuous , ' ' she said . Men smoking cigars and drinking beer with friends after shooting skeet at the Buffalo Shooting Club in Amherst said their feelings about abortion were mixed , but they uniformly denounced the killing of Slepian . Many residents said abortion had gradually dwindled as a local issue since Operation Rescue , an anti - abortion group , started a series of largely unsuccessful ` ` Spring of Life ' ' demonstrations in 1992 intended to shut down abortion clinics and harass local doctors , including Slepian . ` ` The only people that are left are the hard - core , fanatical people , ' ' said Larry Finkelstien , a high school teacher who works as an escort at abortion clinics . 	answer: negative
event: 225 _ which Ritter heads _ assisted by aerial surveillance starts after Five other U.N. inspection teams visited a total of nine other sites story: Scott Ritter led his team on a 10-hour tour of three suspected weapons sites classified as ` ` sensitive ' ' by the Iraqi authorities , U.N. spokesman Alan Dacey said . At least one of the sensitive sites was a barracks of the elite Republican Guard , a well - placed source told The Associated Press . It was the first time that Ritter , who arrived Thursday with some 50 inspectors for a tour likely to last over a week , had been allowed to carry out an inspection since Jan. 13 . Then the Baghdad government stopped providing Ritter 's team with escorts , making it impossible for him to enter any site . 225 _ which Ritter heads _ made surprise visits to a number of sites and was  assisted by aerial surveillance . An Iraqi official , speaking on customary condition of anonymity , said Ritter would not try to visit any of the eight presidential sites that Baghdad had placed off - limits to U.N. weapons inspectors . Ritter 's return is seen as something of a test of that agreement , under which Iraq agreed to give inspectors full access to eight of Saddam Hussein 's presidential palaces . Iraq had argued the presidential sites should be off limits as symbols of sovereignty . ` ` We are going to maintain our forces in the region for the foreseeable future , ' ' said spokesman Kenneth Bacon . Palace inspections are not expected to start until the new agreement 's procedures are in place . The Security Council has said it will not lift the sweeping sanctions imposed on Iraq after its 1990 invasion of Kuwait until the U.N. inspectors certify that Baghdad has eliminated its weapons of mass destruction . 	answer: positive
event: 225 _ which Ritter heads _ assisted by aerial surveillance starts before Five other U.N. inspection teams visited a total of nine other sites story: Scott Ritter led his team on a 10-hour tour of three suspected weapons sites classified as ` ` sensitive ' ' by the Iraqi authorities , U.N. spokesman Alan Dacey said . At least one of the sensitive sites was a barracks of the elite Republican Guard , a well - placed source told The Associated Press . It was the first time that Ritter , who arrived Thursday with some 50 inspectors for a tour likely to last over a week , had been allowed to carry out an inspection since Jan. 13 . Then the Baghdad government stopped providing Ritter 's team with escorts , making it impossible for him to enter any site . 225 _ which Ritter heads _ made surprise visits to a number of sites and was  assisted by aerial surveillance . An Iraqi official , speaking on customary condition of anonymity , said Ritter would not try to visit any of the eight presidential sites that Baghdad had placed off - limits to U.N. weapons inspectors . Ritter 's return is seen as something of a test of that agreement , under which Iraq agreed to give inspectors full access to eight of Saddam Hussein 's presidential palaces . Iraq had argued the presidential sites should be off limits as symbols of sovereignty . ` ` We are going to maintain our forces in the region for the foreseeable future , ' ' said spokesman Kenneth Bacon . Palace inspections are not expected to start until the new agreement 's procedures are in place . The Security Council has said it will not lift the sweeping sanctions imposed on Iraq after its 1990 invasion of Kuwait until the U.N. inspectors certify that Baghdad has eliminated its weapons of mass destruction . 	answer: negative
event: His car abandoned at New Jersey 's Newark International Airport in December starts before His car was spotted in Slepian 's suburban Amherst neighborhood in the weeks before the shooting , and was found abandoned at New Jersey 's Newark International Airport in December investigators said story: BUFFALO , N.Y. ( AP ) -- His whereabouts are unknown . ` ` We have probable cause to believe this man , James Kopp , is responsible for the death of Dr. Barnett Slepian , ' ' FBI agent Bernard Tolbert said . Up until Thursday , however , they had described him only as a material witness wanted for questioning -- not a suspect . In addition to a state charge of murder , Kopp faces a federal charge of violating the Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act by using deadly force against an abortion doctor . The federal charge also carries a fine of up to $ 250,000 . The newly filed charges will intensify the ongoing international manhunt , Tolbert said . In response to the new charges , Canadian officials confirmed that Kopp is a suspect in sniper shootings that injured abortion doctors in November in Vancouver , British Columbia ; Winnipeg , Manitoba ; and Hamilton , Ontario . Slepian , 52 , was shot with a rifle . Kopp also has been linked , through DNA testing , to a strand of hair found near where the sniper fired , law enforcement sources have said . Nicknamed the ` ` Atomic Dog ' ' in anti - abortion circles , Kopp had been arrested in several states since 1990 for protesting abortion . His car was spotted in Slepian 's suburban Amherst neighborhood in the weeks before the shooting , and was found  abandoned at New Jersey 's Newark International Airport in December , investigators  said . ' Kopp is now the second anti - abortion activist being sought by the FBI as a suspect in a fatal attack . 	answer: positive
event: His car abandoned at New Jersey 's Newark International Airport in December starts after His car was spotted in Slepian 's suburban Amherst neighborhood in the weeks before the shooting , and was found abandoned at New Jersey 's Newark International Airport in December investigators said story: BUFFALO , N.Y. ( AP ) -- His whereabouts are unknown . ` ` We have probable cause to believe this man , James Kopp , is responsible for the death of Dr. Barnett Slepian , ' ' FBI agent Bernard Tolbert said . Up until Thursday , however , they had described him only as a material witness wanted for questioning -- not a suspect . In addition to a state charge of murder , Kopp faces a federal charge of violating the Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act by using deadly force against an abortion doctor . The federal charge also carries a fine of up to $ 250,000 . The newly filed charges will intensify the ongoing international manhunt , Tolbert said . In response to the new charges , Canadian officials confirmed that Kopp is a suspect in sniper shootings that injured abortion doctors in November in Vancouver , British Columbia ; Winnipeg , Manitoba ; and Hamilton , Ontario . Slepian , 52 , was shot with a rifle . Kopp also has been linked , through DNA testing , to a strand of hair found near where the sniper fired , law enforcement sources have said . Nicknamed the ` ` Atomic Dog ' ' in anti - abortion circles , Kopp had been arrested in several states since 1990 for protesting abortion . His car was spotted in Slepian 's suburban Amherst neighborhood in the weeks before the shooting , and was found  abandoned at New Jersey 's Newark International Airport in December , investigators  said . ' Kopp is now the second anti - abortion activist being sought by the FBI as a suspect in a fatal attack . 	answer: negative
event: central bank support firmed sterling starts before a hefty load bear story: It showed some early resilience after central bank support  firmed sterling , but the weight of Wall Street late in London trading , and signs of further weakness in the British pound , proved a hefty load to  bear . A senior dealer with Warburg Securities noted British Gas , the most active blue - chip stock at 20 million shares traded , was affected by the political implications of Mr. Lawson 's departure and Mrs. Thatcher 's cabinet shuffle . Other dealers added that the blue - chip stocks in general were hit by profit - taking over concerns that London shares will continue posting declines and the uncertainty over sterling given that Mr. Lawson 's successor , John Major , had only been in the job one day . The Nikkei index was pressured down by profit - taking triggered by sharp advances made through this week and fell 151.20 points to 35527.29 . In early trading in Tokyo Monday , the Nikkei index fell 148.85 points to 35378.44 . Fund managers said Friday 's profittaking was a natural result of the week 's " abnormal fever " in buying real estate , shipbuilding , steel and construction shares . If you take away the outside influences , the market itself looks very cheap . What 's happening here is n't justified by the fundamentals . Traders said the market remains extremely nervous because of the wild swings seen on the New York Stock Exchange last week . That 's leaving small investors with cold feet , they said , and prompting institutions to take a reserved stance on the sidelines as well , at least until the market in New York settles down somewhat . 	answer: positive
event: central bank support firmed sterling starts after a hefty load bear story: It showed some early resilience after central bank support  firmed sterling , but the weight of Wall Street late in London trading , and signs of further weakness in the British pound , proved a hefty load to  bear . A senior dealer with Warburg Securities noted British Gas , the most active blue - chip stock at 20 million shares traded , was affected by the political implications of Mr. Lawson 's departure and Mrs. Thatcher 's cabinet shuffle . Other dealers added that the blue - chip stocks in general were hit by profit - taking over concerns that London shares will continue posting declines and the uncertainty over sterling given that Mr. Lawson 's successor , John Major , had only been in the job one day . The Nikkei index was pressured down by profit - taking triggered by sharp advances made through this week and fell 151.20 points to 35527.29 . In early trading in Tokyo Monday , the Nikkei index fell 148.85 points to 35378.44 . Fund managers said Friday 's profittaking was a natural result of the week 's " abnormal fever " in buying real estate , shipbuilding , steel and construction shares . If you take away the outside influences , the market itself looks very cheap . What 's happening here is n't justified by the fundamentals . Traders said the market remains extremely nervous because of the wild swings seen on the New York Stock Exchange last week . That 's leaving small investors with cold feet , they said , and prompting institutions to take a reserved stance on the sidelines as well , at least until the market in New York settles down somewhat . 	answer: negative
event: Unisys also noted that it paid $ 78.8 million in taxes during the quarter , even though tax payments normally would be minimal in a quarter that produced such a big loss starts after it paid $ 78.8 million in taxes during the quarter even though tax payments normally would be minimal in a quarter that produced such a big loss story: At the same time , the sheer size of the loss , coupled with a slowing of orders , made some securities analysts wonder just how strong that turnaround will be at the computer maker and defense - electronics concern . " Unisys , whose revenue inched up 3.7 % in the quarter to $ 2.35 billion from $ 2.27 billion in the year - earlier quarter , had an operating loss of about $ 30 million . The company also took a write - off of $ 150 million to cover losses on some fixed - price defense contracts , as some new managers took a hard look at the prospects for that slow - growing business . The tax payments will leave Unisys with $ 225 million in loss carry - forwards that will cut tax payments in future quarters . In addition , Unisys said it reduced computer inventories a further $ 100 million during the quarter , leaving it within $ 100 million of its goal of a reduction of $ 500 million by the end of the year . The company also reported slower growth in another important business : systems that use the Unix operating system . That would be a huge problem if it were to continue , because Unisys is betting its business on the assumption that customers want to move away from using operating systems that run on only one manufacturer 's equipment and toward systems -- mainly Unix -- that work on almost anyone 's machines . Debt has risen to around $ 4 billion , or about 50 % of total capitalization . " And Unisys is expected to do little better than break even in the fourth quarter . 	answer: positive
event: Unisys also noted that it paid $ 78.8 million in taxes during the quarter , even though tax payments normally would be minimal in a quarter that produced such a big loss starts before it paid $ 78.8 million in taxes during the quarter even though tax payments normally would be minimal in a quarter that produced such a big loss story: At the same time , the sheer size of the loss , coupled with a slowing of orders , made some securities analysts wonder just how strong that turnaround will be at the computer maker and defense - electronics concern . " Unisys , whose revenue inched up 3.7 % in the quarter to $ 2.35 billion from $ 2.27 billion in the year - earlier quarter , had an operating loss of about $ 30 million . The company also took a write - off of $ 150 million to cover losses on some fixed - price defense contracts , as some new managers took a hard look at the prospects for that slow - growing business . The tax payments will leave Unisys with $ 225 million in loss carry - forwards that will cut tax payments in future quarters . In addition , Unisys said it reduced computer inventories a further $ 100 million during the quarter , leaving it within $ 100 million of its goal of a reduction of $ 500 million by the end of the year . The company also reported slower growth in another important business : systems that use the Unix operating system . That would be a huge problem if it were to continue , because Unisys is betting its business on the assumption that customers want to move away from using operating systems that run on only one manufacturer 's equipment and toward systems -- mainly Unix -- that work on almost anyone 's machines . Debt has risen to around $ 4 billion , or about 50 % of total capitalization . " And Unisys is expected to do little better than break even in the fourth quarter . 	answer: negative
event: we today accept the guarantee that my country never again will become the powerless victim of foreign invasion starts before looking to even greater expansion of NATO story: ( AP)-- Poland , Hungary and the Czech Republic today became full - fledged members of NATO , less than a decade after exchanging communist rule for democracy and shedding their Cold War military ties to the Soviet Union . Secretary of State Madeleine Albright accepted admission papers from the three countries ' foreign ministers , marking their formal entry into the 50-year - old alliance . In a touch of symbolism , the ceremony took place at the Harry S. Truman Library . Czech Foreign Minister Jan Kavan said he was in nearby Kansas City working with the anti - Soviet undergound in 1968 when Russian troops swept through Praque in the occupation of Czechoslovakia . Since 1949 , it has been expanded to include Greece and Turkey in 1952 , Germany in 1955 and Spain in 1982 . The new additions bring the total to 19 and many other hopefuls are waiting in the wings : Slovenia , Romania , Bulgaria , Slovakia , Lithuania , Estonia and Latvia . The issue is expected to dominate a NATO summit set for Washington in April . But many Russians -- and some Americans -- are wary about the eastward encroachment of NATO . Russian Foreign Minister Igor Ivanov calls extending NATO membership into Eastern Europe ` ` a movement in the wrong direction . ' ' ` ` All European states must cooperate in creating a joint security system , ' ' he was quoted as saying . ` ` All European states must work together in the interests of all countries rather than of separate groups . ' ' 	answer: positive
event: we today accept the guarantee that my country never again will become the powerless victim of foreign invasion starts after looking to even greater expansion of NATO story: ( AP)-- Poland , Hungary and the Czech Republic today became full - fledged members of NATO , less than a decade after exchanging communist rule for democracy and shedding their Cold War military ties to the Soviet Union . Secretary of State Madeleine Albright accepted admission papers from the three countries ' foreign ministers , marking their formal entry into the 50-year - old alliance . In a touch of symbolism , the ceremony took place at the Harry S. Truman Library . Czech Foreign Minister Jan Kavan said he was in nearby Kansas City working with the anti - Soviet undergound in 1968 when Russian troops swept through Praque in the occupation of Czechoslovakia . Since 1949 , it has been expanded to include Greece and Turkey in 1952 , Germany in 1955 and Spain in 1982 . The new additions bring the total to 19 and many other hopefuls are waiting in the wings : Slovenia , Romania , Bulgaria , Slovakia , Lithuania , Estonia and Latvia . The issue is expected to dominate a NATO summit set for Washington in April . But many Russians -- and some Americans -- are wary about the eastward encroachment of NATO . Russian Foreign Minister Igor Ivanov calls extending NATO membership into Eastern Europe ` ` a movement in the wrong direction . ' ' ` ` All European states must cooperate in creating a joint security system , ' ' he was quoted as saying . ` ` All European states must work together in the interests of all countries rather than of separate groups . ' ' 	answer: negative
event: a massive demonstration demanding Elian 's return starts after others carrying small children story: HAVANA ( AP ) -- Elian , the boy at the center of the international dispute , was found clinging to an inner tube Nov. 25 off the coast of Florida after his mother , stepfather and others died in a failed attempt to reach U.S. shores . He has been staying with relatives in Miami who do not want to send him back to Cuba . But this week , Attorney General Janet Reno lifted the deadline to give Elian 's relatives in Miami a chance to fight in federal court to keep the boy with them . Ricardo Alarcon , president of the National Assembly and Castro 's point man on U.S.-Cuban relations , told The Associated Press that Cuban authorities are frustrated by Reno 's failure to set a new deadline and the INS 's failure to enforce its decision . He said Cuba has not prohibited Gonzalez from going to Miami to retrieve Elian , American attorneys -- and even American officials -- have counseled against it . The concern in Cuba always has been that if Gonzalez goes he will immediately become involved in political and legal problems that will prevent his speedy return . Elian 's paternal grandmother , Mariela , told reporters that she was willing to go to Miami to retrieve her grandson if it was assured to her that she could pick him up and return immediately to Cuba without become embroiled in legal or political problems . To get him . Since his sea rescue , Elian has been increasingly referred to in Cuba as ` ` our son , ' ' a boy hero symbolizing the government 's decades - long ideological battle with Cuban exiles in Miami . 	answer: positive
event: a massive demonstration demanding Elian 's return starts before others carrying small children story: HAVANA ( AP ) -- Elian , the boy at the center of the international dispute , was found clinging to an inner tube Nov. 25 off the coast of Florida after his mother , stepfather and others died in a failed attempt to reach U.S. shores . He has been staying with relatives in Miami who do not want to send him back to Cuba . But this week , Attorney General Janet Reno lifted the deadline to give Elian 's relatives in Miami a chance to fight in federal court to keep the boy with them . Ricardo Alarcon , president of the National Assembly and Castro 's point man on U.S.-Cuban relations , told The Associated Press that Cuban authorities are frustrated by Reno 's failure to set a new deadline and the INS 's failure to enforce its decision . He said Cuba has not prohibited Gonzalez from going to Miami to retrieve Elian , American attorneys -- and even American officials -- have counseled against it . The concern in Cuba always has been that if Gonzalez goes he will immediately become involved in political and legal problems that will prevent his speedy return . Elian 's paternal grandmother , Mariela , told reporters that she was willing to go to Miami to retrieve her grandson if it was assured to her that she could pick him up and return immediately to Cuba without become embroiled in legal or political problems . To get him . Since his sea rescue , Elian has been increasingly referred to in Cuba as ` ` our son , ' ' a boy hero symbolizing the government 's decades - long ideological battle with Cuban exiles in Miami . 	answer: negative
event: The rate for adult women rose 0.4 percent to 4.4 percent starts before For the first time the Labor Department broke unemployment by education level as well as gender , age and race story: The economy created jobs at a surprisingly robust pace in January , the government reported on Friday , evidence that America 's economic stamina has withstood any disruptions caused so far by the financial tumult in Asia . The demand for workers also led employers to raise wages again last month . The gain left wages 3.8 percent higher than a year earlier , extending a trend that has given back to workers some of the earning power they lost to inflation in the last decade . But economists said the wage increase was not enough to raise any concerns about higher inflation . ` ` The bottom line is that we 've got a lovely economy . ' ' With potential inflation counterbalanced by worries about possible price declines , the Fed and its chairman , Alan Greenspan , have suggested that they intend to keep interest rates unchanged until the economy tilts clearly in one direction or another . Long - term interest rates , an important indicator of economic stability , have fallen in the last few months . President Clinton welcomed the job figures at a news conference Friday . His advisers said the results reflected not just from balancing the budget , but also initiatives like improved access to education and training and the opening of foreign markets to trade . ` ` There are enormous economic and social benefits from our nation 's high - employment economy , ' ' said Janet Yellen , the chairwoman of the White House 's Council of Economic Advisers . And the weakness of the Asian economies is also likely to lead to decreased demand for American exports . The rate for adult women  rose 0.4 percent , to 4.4 percent . 	answer: positive
event: The rate for adult women rose 0.4 percent to 4.4 percent starts after For the first time the Labor Department broke unemployment by education level as well as gender , age and race story: The economy created jobs at a surprisingly robust pace in January , the government reported on Friday , evidence that America 's economic stamina has withstood any disruptions caused so far by the financial tumult in Asia . The demand for workers also led employers to raise wages again last month . The gain left wages 3.8 percent higher than a year earlier , extending a trend that has given back to workers some of the earning power they lost to inflation in the last decade . But economists said the wage increase was not enough to raise any concerns about higher inflation . ` ` The bottom line is that we 've got a lovely economy . ' ' With potential inflation counterbalanced by worries about possible price declines , the Fed and its chairman , Alan Greenspan , have suggested that they intend to keep interest rates unchanged until the economy tilts clearly in one direction or another . Long - term interest rates , an important indicator of economic stability , have fallen in the last few months . President Clinton welcomed the job figures at a news conference Friday . His advisers said the results reflected not just from balancing the budget , but also initiatives like improved access to education and training and the opening of foreign markets to trade . ` ` There are enormous economic and social benefits from our nation 's high - employment economy , ' ' said Janet Yellen , the chairwoman of the White House 's Council of Economic Advisers . And the weakness of the Asian economies is also likely to lead to decreased demand for American exports . The rate for adult women  rose 0.4 percent , to 4.4 percent . 	answer: negative
event: laid by the Feb. 23 accord signed by U.N. Secretary - General Kofi Annan and Iraqi Deputy Prime Minister Tariq Aziz starts before Ritter 's return seen as something of a test of that agreement , under which Iraq agreed to give inspectors full access to eight of Saddam Hussein 's presidential palaces story: _ An American leader of a U.N. weapons inspection team resumed work in Iraq Friday , nearly two months after his team was effectively blocked . ` ` All sites were inspected to the satisfaction of the inspection team and with full cooperation of Iraqi authorities , ' ' Dacey said . At least one of the sensitive sites was a barracks of the elite Republican Guard , a well - placed source told The Associated Press . Previously the Iraqis have resisted attempts to inspect such quarters . Ritter 's return is  seen as something of a test of that agreement , under which Iraq agreed to give inspectors full access to eight of Saddam Hussein 's presidential palaces . The United States had moved additional troops and a naval armada into the Gulf and said it would strike Iraq unless it gave the U.N. arms inspectors unfettered access to all potential weapons sites , including Saddam 's palaces . Iraq had argued the presidential sites should be off limits as symbols of sovereignty . A Pentagon spokesman said Thursday that the 38,000 U.S. troops in the Gulf will remain until Iraq complies with the U.N. Security Council agreement over weapons inspections . ` ` We are going to maintain our forces in the region for the foreseeable future , ' ' said spokesman Kenneth Bacon . Palace inspections are not expected to start until the new agreement 's procedures are in place . The Security Council has said it will not lift the sweeping sanctions imposed on Iraq after its 1990 invasion of Kuwait until the U.N. inspectors certify that Baghdad has eliminated its weapons of mass destruction . 	answer: positive
event: laid by the Feb. 23 accord signed by U.N. Secretary - General Kofi Annan and Iraqi Deputy Prime Minister Tariq Aziz starts after Ritter 's return seen as something of a test of that agreement , under which Iraq agreed to give inspectors full access to eight of Saddam Hussein 's presidential palaces story: _ An American leader of a U.N. weapons inspection team resumed work in Iraq Friday , nearly two months after his team was effectively blocked . ` ` All sites were inspected to the satisfaction of the inspection team and with full cooperation of Iraqi authorities , ' ' Dacey said . At least one of the sensitive sites was a barracks of the elite Republican Guard , a well - placed source told The Associated Press . Previously the Iraqis have resisted attempts to inspect such quarters . Ritter 's return is  seen as something of a test of that agreement , under which Iraq agreed to give inspectors full access to eight of Saddam Hussein 's presidential palaces . The United States had moved additional troops and a naval armada into the Gulf and said it would strike Iraq unless it gave the U.N. arms inspectors unfettered access to all potential weapons sites , including Saddam 's palaces . Iraq had argued the presidential sites should be off limits as symbols of sovereignty . A Pentagon spokesman said Thursday that the 38,000 U.S. troops in the Gulf will remain until Iraq complies with the U.N. Security Council agreement over weapons inspections . ` ` We are going to maintain our forces in the region for the foreseeable future , ' ' said spokesman Kenneth Bacon . Palace inspections are not expected to start until the new agreement 's procedures are in place . The Security Council has said it will not lift the sweeping sanctions imposed on Iraq after its 1990 invasion of Kuwait until the U.N. inspectors certify that Baghdad has eliminated its weapons of mass destruction . 	answer: negative
event: INS agents traveled to Cuba to interview the child 's father before the INS rejected the application for asylum saying the child 's father was the only person authorized to represent him starts before A district court judge upheld the federal agency story: Attorney Kendall Coffey said his clients were giving an appeal to the Supreme Court ` ` serious consideration . ' ' The appellate ruling made it clear the court takes no joy in lifting an obstacle to Elian 's return to Cuba . ` ` The court neither approves nor disapproves the INS ' decision to reject the asylum applications filed on plaintiff 's behalf , but the INS decision did not contradict ( federal law . ) ' ' The judges denied , however , a request by Elian 's father to name him instead of great - uncle Lazaro Gonzalez as Elian 's representative in the continued court proceedings . Elian 's father asked his Miami relatives to end their court battle after Thursday 's ruling and allow him to finally return home with his son . ` ` A child should simply be with his parents , always his parents , ' ' the elder Gonzalez said through an interpreter . Thank you . ' ' Elian 's Miami relatives took in the child , but then refused to return him to his surviving father in Cuba , citing the harshness of the Castro regime . Protesters were beginning to gather outside the Miami relatives ' home even before the ruling was issued . Jose Basulto , founder of Brothers to the Rescue , a Cuban exile group that frequently rescues Cuban refugees from the Straits of Florida , called the latest ruling ` ` outrageous . ' ' ` ` The saga of Elian Gonzalez is a turning point in relations in the Cuban community and the United States , ' ' Basulto said . 	answer: positive
event: INS agents traveled to Cuba to interview the child 's father before the INS rejected the application for asylum saying the child 's father was the only person authorized to represent him starts after A district court judge upheld the federal agency story: Attorney Kendall Coffey said his clients were giving an appeal to the Supreme Court ` ` serious consideration . ' ' The appellate ruling made it clear the court takes no joy in lifting an obstacle to Elian 's return to Cuba . ` ` The court neither approves nor disapproves the INS ' decision to reject the asylum applications filed on plaintiff 's behalf , but the INS decision did not contradict ( federal law . ) ' ' The judges denied , however , a request by Elian 's father to name him instead of great - uncle Lazaro Gonzalez as Elian 's representative in the continued court proceedings . Elian 's father asked his Miami relatives to end their court battle after Thursday 's ruling and allow him to finally return home with his son . ` ` A child should simply be with his parents , always his parents , ' ' the elder Gonzalez said through an interpreter . Thank you . ' ' Elian 's Miami relatives took in the child , but then refused to return him to his surviving father in Cuba , citing the harshness of the Castro regime . Protesters were beginning to gather outside the Miami relatives ' home even before the ruling was issued . Jose Basulto , founder of Brothers to the Rescue , a Cuban exile group that frequently rescues Cuban refugees from the Straits of Florida , called the latest ruling ` ` outrageous . ' ' ` ` The saga of Elian Gonzalez is a turning point in relations in the Cuban community and the United States , ' ' Basulto said . 	answer: negative
event: They trying to attend a prayer vigil for Slepian starts before a police officer on duty took their names story: The FBI has interviewed and released one of two men who were sought last week for questioning in connection with the sniper slaying of a doctor in the Buffalo , N.Y. , area who performed abortions . The two men , Ronald Stauber and Michael Gingrich , were named Thursday in a bulletin sent by the FBI office in Cleveland to police departments across the country . ` ` I know of no information that would treat these two differently or would put them in any other category from the hundreds of leads we 're investigating on a daily basis . ' ' Moskal said one of the two men _ he said he did not know which one _ had been located , interviewed and released . bulletin had indicated possible links between the two men and James Charles Kopp , an abortion opponent who is being sought as a material witness in the case . Amherst police officials declined to comment Saturday . Investigators in Canada and the United States are also looking into four other sniper attacks on doctors who performed abortions in Canada and western New York . They were  trying to attend a prayer vigil for Slepian but had been sent to his house by mistake , and a police officer on duty  took their names , Moskal said . The two men are believed to live in the Cleveland area . Moskal emphasized that no one has been named as a suspect in Slepian 's death . ` ` Just the fact that we are interviewing anyone does n't make them a subject or a suspect in this , ' ' he said . 	answer: positive
event: They trying to attend a prayer vigil for Slepian starts after a police officer on duty took their names story: The FBI has interviewed and released one of two men who were sought last week for questioning in connection with the sniper slaying of a doctor in the Buffalo , N.Y. , area who performed abortions . The two men , Ronald Stauber and Michael Gingrich , were named Thursday in a bulletin sent by the FBI office in Cleveland to police departments across the country . ` ` I know of no information that would treat these two differently or would put them in any other category from the hundreds of leads we 're investigating on a daily basis . ' ' Moskal said one of the two men _ he said he did not know which one _ had been located , interviewed and released . bulletin had indicated possible links between the two men and James Charles Kopp , an abortion opponent who is being sought as a material witness in the case . Amherst police officials declined to comment Saturday . Investigators in Canada and the United States are also looking into four other sniper attacks on doctors who performed abortions in Canada and western New York . They were  trying to attend a prayer vigil for Slepian but had been sent to his house by mistake , and a police officer on duty  took their names , Moskal said . The two men are believed to live in the Cleveland area . Moskal emphasized that no one has been named as a suspect in Slepian 's death . ` ` Just the fact that we are interviewing anyone does n't make them a subject or a suspect in this , ' ' he said . 	answer: negative
event: Price Stern Sloan Inc. said it hired an investment banking firm to assist in evaluating restructuring or merger alternatives and reported a net loss of $ 8.1 million , or $ 2.14 a share , for the third quarter ended Sept. 30 starts after it reported a net loss of $ 8.1 million , or $ 2.14 a share , for the third quarter ended Sept. 30 story: Price Stern Sloan Inc.  said it hired an investment banking firm to assist in evaluating restructuring or merger alternatives and  reported a net loss of $ 8.1 million , or $ 2.14 a share , for the third quarter ended Sept. 30 . These results compare with net income of $ 1.8 million , or 44 cents a share , for the corresponding period last year . This quarter 's loss includes pretax charges of $ 4.9 million on the proposed discontinuation of the company 's troubled British subsidiary , and $ 3.7 million of other write - offs the company said were non - recurring and principally related to inventory , publishing advances and pre - publication costs . The publishing concern said it retained the investment banking firm of Donaldson , Lufkin amp Jenrette Securities Inc. to act as its financial adviser , assisting in the evaluation of various financial and strategic alternatives , including debt refinancing , raising capital , recapitalization , a merger or sale of the company . The company also retained attorney Martin P. Levin , a director of the company and former head of the Times - Mirror Publishing Group , as an adviser . Net sales for this year 's third quarter were $ 14 million , down from $ 21.4 million last year . The company attributed the decrease in part to the exclusion of the company 's British sales from the current year 's figures as a result of the subsidiary 's status as a proposed discontinued operation and , in part , to lower sales in certain key foreign and domestic accounts . U.K. sales for last year 's quarter were about $ 3 million . 	answer: positive
event: Price Stern Sloan Inc. said it hired an investment banking firm to assist in evaluating restructuring or merger alternatives and reported a net loss of $ 8.1 million , or $ 2.14 a share , for the third quarter ended Sept. 30 starts before it reported a net loss of $ 8.1 million , or $ 2.14 a share , for the third quarter ended Sept. 30 story: Price Stern Sloan Inc.  said it hired an investment banking firm to assist in evaluating restructuring or merger alternatives and  reported a net loss of $ 8.1 million , or $ 2.14 a share , for the third quarter ended Sept. 30 . These results compare with net income of $ 1.8 million , or 44 cents a share , for the corresponding period last year . This quarter 's loss includes pretax charges of $ 4.9 million on the proposed discontinuation of the company 's troubled British subsidiary , and $ 3.7 million of other write - offs the company said were non - recurring and principally related to inventory , publishing advances and pre - publication costs . The publishing concern said it retained the investment banking firm of Donaldson , Lufkin amp Jenrette Securities Inc. to act as its financial adviser , assisting in the evaluation of various financial and strategic alternatives , including debt refinancing , raising capital , recapitalization , a merger or sale of the company . The company also retained attorney Martin P. Levin , a director of the company and former head of the Times - Mirror Publishing Group , as an adviser . Net sales for this year 's third quarter were $ 14 million , down from $ 21.4 million last year . The company attributed the decrease in part to the exclusion of the company 's British sales from the current year 's figures as a result of the subsidiary 's status as a proposed discontinued operation and , in part , to lower sales in certain key foreign and domestic accounts . U.K. sales for last year 's quarter were about $ 3 million . 	answer: negative
event: Slepian died starts after the 1994 Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act which Schumer sponsored story: The killing of Dr. Barnett Slepian , a gynecologist in Buffalo who performed abortions , has become a factor in at least two campaigns in New York , say political consultants and some campaign advisers . In the race for attorney general , the Democratic candidate , Eliot Spitzer , who favors abortion rights , has moved quickly to make the anti - abortion position of his opponent , Attorney General Dennis Vacco , a central issue in the campaign . In a New York Times / CBS News poll completed on Saturday , 69 percent of those polled said they did not know D'Amato 's position on abortion , and only 19 percent knew that he opposed abortion rights . Now events are doing the work for Schumer . Slepian 's death was among the first topics raised in Saturday night 's debate between the two men , and it was instantly followed by a question to D'Amato on whether he opposed first - trimester abortions for adult women . The measure made it a Federal crime to attack or blockade an abortion clinic . Now , Ms. Conlin said , it will have new resonance , and the organization is considering buying more air time . It brings it home . ' ' But , Isay added , ` ` it heightens the abortion issue . ' ' ` ` Eliot is going to make a huge priority of this , ' ' A federal judge removed Vacco , then the U.S. attorney for western New York , from the case . Spitzer also criticized Vacco for dismantling the Office of Reproductive Rights , which investigated threats and crimes against abortion clinics , when he became attorney general . 	answer: positive
event: Slepian died starts before the 1994 Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act which Schumer sponsored story: The killing of Dr. Barnett Slepian , a gynecologist in Buffalo who performed abortions , has become a factor in at least two campaigns in New York , say political consultants and some campaign advisers . In the race for attorney general , the Democratic candidate , Eliot Spitzer , who favors abortion rights , has moved quickly to make the anti - abortion position of his opponent , Attorney General Dennis Vacco , a central issue in the campaign . In a New York Times / CBS News poll completed on Saturday , 69 percent of those polled said they did not know D'Amato 's position on abortion , and only 19 percent knew that he opposed abortion rights . Now events are doing the work for Schumer . Slepian 's death was among the first topics raised in Saturday night 's debate between the two men , and it was instantly followed by a question to D'Amato on whether he opposed first - trimester abortions for adult women . The measure made it a Federal crime to attack or blockade an abortion clinic . Now , Ms. Conlin said , it will have new resonance , and the organization is considering buying more air time . It brings it home . ' ' But , Isay added , ` ` it heightens the abortion issue . ' ' ` ` Eliot is going to make a huge priority of this , ' ' A federal judge removed Vacco , then the U.S. attorney for western New York , from the case . Spitzer also criticized Vacco for dismantling the Office of Reproductive Rights , which investigated threats and crimes against abortion clinics , when he became attorney general . 	answer: negative
event: On Friday Netanyahu said he had ` ` no qualms ' ' about implementing the U.N. resolution , as long as Israel had ` ` the necessary security safeguards . starts before Cabinet minister Michael Eitan said Sunday that Netanyahu 's remarks marked a substantive change in Israel 's position story: _ Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu told his Cabinet on Sunday that Israel was willing to withdraw from southern Lebanon provided Israel 's northern frontier could be secured . That 1978 resolution calls for Israel 's unconditional withdrawal from the self - declared security zone it occupies in south Lebanon , and for the deployment of the Lebanese army and U.N. forces to ensure security along the Lebanese - Israeli border . On Friday , Netanyahu  said he had ` ` no qualms ' ' about implementing the U.N. resolution , as long as Israel had ` ` the necessary security safeguards . ' ' Cabinet minister Michael Eitan  said Sunday that Netanyahu 's remarks marked a substantive change in Israel 's position . ` ` No one wants to stay in Lebanon ; thus we think it better to withdraw . ' it means that we are willing to talk today _ full stop _ about security , ' ' Lubrani told Israel 's Channel One . ` ` We have gotten off the issue of peace , off the issue of normalization . ' ' As the death toll in Lebanon has mounted , the Israeli government has been faced with a growing grassroots movement calling for Israel 's unilateral withdrawal from Lebanon . Since 1985 _ when the Israelis created a security buffer zone southern Lebanon _ nearly 200 Israeli soldiers have been killed fighting Hezbollah and other guerrillas . Two top aides to Netanyahu , political adviser Uzi Arad and Cabinet Secretary Danny Naveh , left for Europe on Sunday , apparently to investigate the Syrian issue , the newspaper said . 	answer: positive
event: On Friday Netanyahu said he had ` ` no qualms ' ' about implementing the U.N. resolution , as long as Israel had ` ` the necessary security safeguards . starts after Cabinet minister Michael Eitan said Sunday that Netanyahu 's remarks marked a substantive change in Israel 's position story: _ Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu told his Cabinet on Sunday that Israel was willing to withdraw from southern Lebanon provided Israel 's northern frontier could be secured . That 1978 resolution calls for Israel 's unconditional withdrawal from the self - declared security zone it occupies in south Lebanon , and for the deployment of the Lebanese army and U.N. forces to ensure security along the Lebanese - Israeli border . On Friday , Netanyahu  said he had ` ` no qualms ' ' about implementing the U.N. resolution , as long as Israel had ` ` the necessary security safeguards . ' ' Cabinet minister Michael Eitan  said Sunday that Netanyahu 's remarks marked a substantive change in Israel 's position . ` ` No one wants to stay in Lebanon ; thus we think it better to withdraw . ' it means that we are willing to talk today _ full stop _ about security , ' ' Lubrani told Israel 's Channel One . ` ` We have gotten off the issue of peace , off the issue of normalization . ' ' As the death toll in Lebanon has mounted , the Israeli government has been faced with a growing grassroots movement calling for Israel 's unilateral withdrawal from Lebanon . Since 1985 _ when the Israelis created a security buffer zone southern Lebanon _ nearly 200 Israeli soldiers have been killed fighting Hezbollah and other guerrillas . Two top aides to Netanyahu , political adviser Uzi Arad and Cabinet Secretary Danny Naveh , left for Europe on Sunday , apparently to investigate the Syrian issue , the newspaper said . 	answer: negative
event: attempts to kill President Fidel Castro starts before said Cuban journalist Luis Baez , who has written several books about Cuban emigration to the United States story: While state - run television broadcast footage of Cuban exiles protesting in Miami against the repatriation of Elian Gonzalez , the Cuban government urged its people to keep up their own demonstrations to ensure the boy 's return . The unusual airing of protests against President Fidel Castro appeared aimed at warning Cuban citizens that South Florida exiles could still force the reversal of the U.S. government 's decision to return Gonzalez to Cuba . Castro attended a rally Thursday by media workers at Havana 's Palace of Conventions to demand Gonzalez 's return . ` ` The case of Elian is for today 's youth what 40 years of the blockade , armed invasions , sabotage and  attempts to kill President Fidel Castro were for earlier generations , ' '  said Cuban journalist Luis Baez , who has written several books about Cuban emigration to the United States . After the rally , state television showed the Cuban exiles in the streets of Miami -- some of them carrying signs demanding ` ` Freedom for Elian , ' ' the same battle cry regularly chanted during rallies on this side of the Florida Straits . Hundreds of Cuban - Americans chanting ` ` Liberty ! Liberty ! ' ' blocked intersections and cut off access to the Port of Miami . In one case , riot police had to use tear gas to clear them . ` ` We can not stop mobilizing ! His mother died in a boating accident trying to get Elian and herself to the United States . Neither he nor Elian 's four grandparents could be located in their hometown of Cardenas , east of Havana . 	answer: positive
event: attempts to kill President Fidel Castro starts after said Cuban journalist Luis Baez , who has written several books about Cuban emigration to the United States story: While state - run television broadcast footage of Cuban exiles protesting in Miami against the repatriation of Elian Gonzalez , the Cuban government urged its people to keep up their own demonstrations to ensure the boy 's return . The unusual airing of protests against President Fidel Castro appeared aimed at warning Cuban citizens that South Florida exiles could still force the reversal of the U.S. government 's decision to return Gonzalez to Cuba . Castro attended a rally Thursday by media workers at Havana 's Palace of Conventions to demand Gonzalez 's return . ` ` The case of Elian is for today 's youth what 40 years of the blockade , armed invasions , sabotage and  attempts to kill President Fidel Castro were for earlier generations , ' '  said Cuban journalist Luis Baez , who has written several books about Cuban emigration to the United States . After the rally , state television showed the Cuban exiles in the streets of Miami -- some of them carrying signs demanding ` ` Freedom for Elian , ' ' the same battle cry regularly chanted during rallies on this side of the Florida Straits . Hundreds of Cuban - Americans chanting ` ` Liberty ! Liberty ! ' ' blocked intersections and cut off access to the Port of Miami . In one case , riot police had to use tear gas to clear them . ` ` We can not stop mobilizing ! His mother died in a boating accident trying to get Elian and herself to the United States . Neither he nor Elian 's four grandparents could be located in their hometown of Cardenas , east of Havana . 	answer: negative
event: some of them carrying signs demanding ` ` Freedom for Elian , ' ' the same battle cry regularly chanted during rallies on this side of the Florida Straits starts after signs demanding Freedom for Elian the same battle cry regularly chanted during rallies on this side of the Florida Straits story: While state - run television broadcast footage of Cuban exiles protesting in Miami against the repatriation of Elian Gonzalez , the Cuban government urged its people to keep up their own demonstrations to ensure the boy 's return . Castro attended a rally Thursday by media workers at Havana 's Palace of Conventions to demand Gonzalez 's return . For weeks the communist government has held such rallies almost daily . ` ` The case of Elian is for today 's youth what 40 years of the blockade , armed invasions , sabotage and attempts to kill President Fidel Castro were for earlier generations , ' ' said Cuban journalist Luis Baez , who has written several books about Cuban emigration to the United States . A voiceover to the footage called the exiles ` ` criminals ' ' and ` ` mafia members . ' ' Hundreds of Cuban - Americans chanting ` ` Liberty ! Liberty ! ' ' blocked intersections and cut off access to the Port of Miami . In one case , riot police had to use tear gas to clear them . ` ` We can not stop mobilizing ! The boy 's father , Juan Miguel Gonzalez , lives in Cuba and wants Elian back . But Elian 's relatives in Miami have fought to keep the boy , saying they could provide him with a better life . Since the INS decision was announced Wednesday , they have said they will appeal the decision . Gonzalez has not appeared publicly since the announcement . Neither he nor Elian 's four grandparents could be located in their hometown of Cardenas , east of Havana . 	answer: positive
event: some of them carrying signs demanding ` ` Freedom for Elian , ' ' the same battle cry regularly chanted during rallies on this side of the Florida Straits starts before signs demanding Freedom for Elian the same battle cry regularly chanted during rallies on this side of the Florida Straits story: While state - run television broadcast footage of Cuban exiles protesting in Miami against the repatriation of Elian Gonzalez , the Cuban government urged its people to keep up their own demonstrations to ensure the boy 's return . Castro attended a rally Thursday by media workers at Havana 's Palace of Conventions to demand Gonzalez 's return . For weeks the communist government has held such rallies almost daily . ` ` The case of Elian is for today 's youth what 40 years of the blockade , armed invasions , sabotage and attempts to kill President Fidel Castro were for earlier generations , ' ' said Cuban journalist Luis Baez , who has written several books about Cuban emigration to the United States . A voiceover to the footage called the exiles ` ` criminals ' ' and ` ` mafia members . ' ' Hundreds of Cuban - Americans chanting ` ` Liberty ! Liberty ! ' ' blocked intersections and cut off access to the Port of Miami . In one case , riot police had to use tear gas to clear them . ` ` We can not stop mobilizing ! The boy 's father , Juan Miguel Gonzalez , lives in Cuba and wants Elian back . But Elian 's relatives in Miami have fought to keep the boy , saying they could provide him with a better life . Since the INS decision was announced Wednesday , they have said they will appeal the decision . Gonzalez has not appeared publicly since the announcement . Neither he nor Elian 's four grandparents could be located in their hometown of Cardenas , east of Havana . 	answer: negative
event: the location from which the sniper fired the rifle bullet that killed Slepian as he stood in the kitchen of his home in the Buffalo suburb of Amherst starts before police believe the sniper stood and fired story: Preliminary DNA tests link a missing anti - abortion activist to a strand of hair found near where a sniper shot and killed a Buffalo , N.Y. , doctor who performed abortions , a law enforcement official said Friday . Meantime , FBI agents and Metropolitan Police officers assigned to a joint terrorism task force here scanned the crowd of anti - abortion protesters at the annual March for Life on Capitol Hill , because Kopp has been either a participant in or arrested at this march in each of the last three years , according to another law enforcement official , Both officials requested anonymity . This more extensive set of tests could enable officials to declare an absolute match between the two hair strands , the first law enforcement official said . ` ` Ultimately , we would need to have a hair taken directly from Kopp himself to establish conclusively the hair from scene is his , ' ' the official added . The official said the hair was in a cap that authorities found very near the location from which the sniper is thought to have  fired the rifle bullet that killed Slepian as he stood in the kitchen of his home in the Buffalo suburb of Amherst , In addition , a Customs Service videotape from a border crossing point shows the woman 's car returning from Mexico , these officials said . Kopp 's 1987 Chevrolet Cavalier was discovered last month at Newark , N.J. , International Airport , the FBI said . 	answer: positive
event: the location from which the sniper fired the rifle bullet that killed Slepian as he stood in the kitchen of his home in the Buffalo suburb of Amherst starts after police believe the sniper stood and fired story: Preliminary DNA tests link a missing anti - abortion activist to a strand of hair found near where a sniper shot and killed a Buffalo , N.Y. , doctor who performed abortions , a law enforcement official said Friday . Meantime , FBI agents and Metropolitan Police officers assigned to a joint terrorism task force here scanned the crowd of anti - abortion protesters at the annual March for Life on Capitol Hill , because Kopp has been either a participant in or arrested at this march in each of the last three years , according to another law enforcement official , Both officials requested anonymity . This more extensive set of tests could enable officials to declare an absolute match between the two hair strands , the first law enforcement official said . ` ` Ultimately , we would need to have a hair taken directly from Kopp himself to establish conclusively the hair from scene is his , ' ' the official added . The official said the hair was in a cap that authorities found very near the location from which the sniper is thought to have  fired the rifle bullet that killed Slepian as he stood in the kitchen of his home in the Buffalo suburb of Amherst , In addition , a Customs Service videotape from a border crossing point shows the woman 's car returning from Mexico , these officials said . Kopp 's 1987 Chevrolet Cavalier was discovered last month at Newark , N.J. , International Airport , the FBI said . 	answer: negative
event: Kopp is a suspect in sniper shootings that injured abortion doctors in November in Vancouver , British Columbia ; Winnipeg , Manitoba ; and Hamilton , Ontario starts after sniper shootings that injured abortion doctors in November in Vancouver , British Columbia ; Winnipeg , Manitoba ; and Hamilton , Ontario story: An abortion foe who is the subject of an international manhunt was charged with murder Thursday in the slaying of a doctor who was cut down in his kitchen by a sniper 's bullet . Federal and state arrest warrants were issued for James C. Kopp , 44 , of St. Albans , Vt . Investigators have been searching for Kopp since shortly after the Oct. 23 slaying . Up until Thursday , however , they had described him only as a material witness wanted for questioning -- not a suspect . In addition to a state charge of murder , Kopp faces a federal charge of violating the Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act by using deadly force against an abortion doctor . Investigators would not divulge the evidence against Kopp but said last month 's discovery of a scope - equipped rifle buried near the Slepian home represented a major breakthrough . Slepian , 52 , was shot with a rifle . Authorities have said they believe the weapon may have been buried in advance of the shooting , with the killer digging it up to fire the shot , then reburying it and fleeing . Kopp is now the second anti - abortion activist being sought by the FBI as a suspect in a fatal attack . Eric Rudolph has been on the run since the January 1998 bombing of a Birmingham , Ala. , abortion clinic that killed an off - duty police officer and maimed a nurse . He also is charged in three Atlanta attacks , including the 1996 Olympic bombing that killed one person . 	answer: positive
event: Kopp is a suspect in sniper shootings that injured abortion doctors in November in Vancouver , British Columbia ; Winnipeg , Manitoba ; and Hamilton , Ontario starts before sniper shootings that injured abortion doctors in November in Vancouver , British Columbia ; Winnipeg , Manitoba ; and Hamilton , Ontario story: An abortion foe who is the subject of an international manhunt was charged with murder Thursday in the slaying of a doctor who was cut down in his kitchen by a sniper 's bullet . Federal and state arrest warrants were issued for James C. Kopp , 44 , of St. Albans , Vt . Investigators have been searching for Kopp since shortly after the Oct. 23 slaying . Up until Thursday , however , they had described him only as a material witness wanted for questioning -- not a suspect . In addition to a state charge of murder , Kopp faces a federal charge of violating the Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act by using deadly force against an abortion doctor . Investigators would not divulge the evidence against Kopp but said last month 's discovery of a scope - equipped rifle buried near the Slepian home represented a major breakthrough . Slepian , 52 , was shot with a rifle . Authorities have said they believe the weapon may have been buried in advance of the shooting , with the killer digging it up to fire the shot , then reburying it and fleeing . Kopp is now the second anti - abortion activist being sought by the FBI as a suspect in a fatal attack . Eric Rudolph has been on the run since the January 1998 bombing of a Birmingham , Ala. , abortion clinic that killed an off - duty police officer and maimed a nurse . He also is charged in three Atlanta attacks , including the 1996 Olympic bombing that killed one person . 	answer: negative
event: Kopp remains at - large starts before police admit that despite a worldwide search and a $ 1 million reward , they do n't know where he is story: BUFFALO , N.Y. ( AP ) -- A nurse who was critically injured in the 1998 abortion clinic bombing in Birmingham , Ala. , was among those who attended the interfaith ceremony at a Presbyterian church for Dr. Barnett Slepian . Police kept watch outside and about 25 undercover police were scattered throughout the crowd . ` ` Security is tight , ' ' said Marilynn Buckham , of Buffalo Gyn Womanservices , a sponsor of the ceremony . ` ` But it 's not tonight we 're worried about . It 's all of the other dark nights . ' ' Earlier that day , the Slepian family sent a fax to local police explaining that abortion providers were warned that one of them might be targeted for assassination . On May 6 , James Kopp , 44 , was charged with the slaying . ` ` It 's very frustrating knowing that he 's out there , ' ' said Ms. Buckham . ` ` It 's very scary . ' ' Sunday 's yahrtzeit service ---- a Jewish ceremony that commemorates the dead with the lighting of a 24-hour candle ---- included the lighting of candles for the seven people killed and 12 people injured in abortion - related violence since 1993 . A tearful audience also listened to registered nurse Emily Lyons , who has undergone a number of operations since the Alabama clinic bombing and has permanently damaged eyesight . She spoke of Slepian and other abortion providers who have been killed . ` ` They paid an awful price for reproductive freedom and the women they served , ' ' she said . ` ` They risked their lives for that freedom . ' ' 	answer: positive
event: Kopp remains at - large starts after police admit that despite a worldwide search and a $ 1 million reward , they do n't know where he is story: BUFFALO , N.Y. ( AP ) -- A nurse who was critically injured in the 1998 abortion clinic bombing in Birmingham , Ala. , was among those who attended the interfaith ceremony at a Presbyterian church for Dr. Barnett Slepian . Police kept watch outside and about 25 undercover police were scattered throughout the crowd . ` ` Security is tight , ' ' said Marilynn Buckham , of Buffalo Gyn Womanservices , a sponsor of the ceremony . ` ` But it 's not tonight we 're worried about . It 's all of the other dark nights . ' ' Earlier that day , the Slepian family sent a fax to local police explaining that abortion providers were warned that one of them might be targeted for assassination . On May 6 , James Kopp , 44 , was charged with the slaying . ` ` It 's very frustrating knowing that he 's out there , ' ' said Ms. Buckham . ` ` It 's very scary . ' ' Sunday 's yahrtzeit service ---- a Jewish ceremony that commemorates the dead with the lighting of a 24-hour candle ---- included the lighting of candles for the seven people killed and 12 people injured in abortion - related violence since 1993 . A tearful audience also listened to registered nurse Emily Lyons , who has undergone a number of operations since the Alabama clinic bombing and has permanently damaged eyesight . She spoke of Slepian and other abortion providers who have been killed . ` ` They paid an awful price for reproductive freedom and the women they served , ' ' she said . ` ` They risked their lives for that freedom . ' ' 	answer: negative
event: The U.S. Immigration and Naturalization Service ruling that Elian Gonzalez , the 6-year - old boy who survived an ill - fated migrant smuggling trip across the Florida Straits , should be reunited with his father back in Cuba starts after the 6-year - old boy who survived an ill - fated migrant smuggling trip across the Florida Straits story: The New York Times says in an editorial on Thursday , Jan. 6 : & amp;QL ; The U.S. Immigration and Naturalization Service made a reasonable decision Wednesday in  ruling that Elian Gonzalez , the 6-year - old boy who  survived an ill - fated migrant smuggling trip across the Florida Straits , should be reunited with his father back in Cuba . The decision will inflame anti - Castro Cubans in Miami , but Doris Meissner , the INS commissioner , made it clear that the service had followed established policy in the case . Moreover , by setting a Jan. 14 return date , the immigration service allowed Elian 's American relatives time to test the ruling in court . Ten of those on board died , including his mother and stepfather . The boy clung to an inner tube for two days and was plucked from the Atlantic on Thanksgiving Day and brought ashore . Elian 's great - uncle and other American relatives were allowed to make their case that he should have a life in Miami . The mother 's parents also argued for a return to Cuba . The INS decided that under their prevailing policies , Gonzalez met the test that calls for custody reverting to the sole surviving parent in such cases . ` ` This little boy , who has been through so much , belongs with his father , ' ' The White House quickly announced support for the decision . Elian 's relatives in Miami have indicated they plan to appeal , as is their right . That would be treating the boy as a trophy in a diplomatic struggle that predates his birth by decades . 	answer: positive
event: The U.S. Immigration and Naturalization Service ruling that Elian Gonzalez , the 6-year - old boy who survived an ill - fated migrant smuggling trip across the Florida Straits , should be reunited with his father back in Cuba starts before the 6-year - old boy who survived an ill - fated migrant smuggling trip across the Florida Straits story: The New York Times says in an editorial on Thursday , Jan. 6 : & amp;QL ; The U.S. Immigration and Naturalization Service made a reasonable decision Wednesday in  ruling that Elian Gonzalez , the 6-year - old boy who  survived an ill - fated migrant smuggling trip across the Florida Straits , should be reunited with his father back in Cuba . The decision will inflame anti - Castro Cubans in Miami , but Doris Meissner , the INS commissioner , made it clear that the service had followed established policy in the case . Moreover , by setting a Jan. 14 return date , the immigration service allowed Elian 's American relatives time to test the ruling in court . Ten of those on board died , including his mother and stepfather . The boy clung to an inner tube for two days and was plucked from the Atlantic on Thanksgiving Day and brought ashore . Elian 's great - uncle and other American relatives were allowed to make their case that he should have a life in Miami . The mother 's parents also argued for a return to Cuba . The INS decided that under their prevailing policies , Gonzalez met the test that calls for custody reverting to the sole surviving parent in such cases . ` ` This little boy , who has been through so much , belongs with his father , ' ' The White House quickly announced support for the decision . Elian 's relatives in Miami have indicated they plan to appeal , as is their right . That would be treating the boy as a trophy in a diplomatic struggle that predates his birth by decades . 	answer: negative
event: But Reno said the request to Kennedy serves no purpose since the injunction blocking Elian 's return to Cuba still applies starts after the injunction blocking Elian 's return to Cuba story: ' His mother died trying to smuggle Elian out of Cuba , and it has been difficult for family members , Miami community leaders and many politicians to separate attitudes about Cuban leader Fidel Castro from the legal issues involved . Elian 's great - uncle vowed to continue the battle , and said the Miami relatives might sue for visitation while the child is in the United States . ` ` We will keep fighting with the laws ... so Elian Gonzalez can live in a free country like his mother wanted , ' ' Lazaro Gonzalez said . President Clinton and Attorney General Janet Reno praised the ruling , with both stressing their confidence that Juan Miguel Gonzalez is the best person to raise his child . & amp;UR ; & amp;LR ; ` ` As I 've said before , this is a case about the importance of family and the bond between a father and son , ' ' Switching to English , he said , ` ` I want to thank the American people . Elian was rescued off the coast of Florida by two American fishermen last November after the boat he was in capsized . Elian 's Miami relatives took in the child , but then refused to return him to his surviving father in Cuba , citing the harshness of the Castro regime . INS agents traveled to Cuba to interview the child 's father before the INS rejected the application for asylum , saying the child 's father was the only person authorized to represent him . However , Justice Department officials said the appellate court could decide to waive the extra seven - day period . Basulto said . 	answer: positive
event: But Reno said the request to Kennedy serves no purpose since the injunction blocking Elian 's return to Cuba still applies starts before the injunction blocking Elian 's return to Cuba story: ' His mother died trying to smuggle Elian out of Cuba , and it has been difficult for family members , Miami community leaders and many politicians to separate attitudes about Cuban leader Fidel Castro from the legal issues involved . Elian 's great - uncle vowed to continue the battle , and said the Miami relatives might sue for visitation while the child is in the United States . ` ` We will keep fighting with the laws ... so Elian Gonzalez can live in a free country like his mother wanted , ' ' Lazaro Gonzalez said . President Clinton and Attorney General Janet Reno praised the ruling , with both stressing their confidence that Juan Miguel Gonzalez is the best person to raise his child . & amp;UR ; & amp;LR ; ` ` As I 've said before , this is a case about the importance of family and the bond between a father and son , ' ' Switching to English , he said , ` ` I want to thank the American people . Elian was rescued off the coast of Florida by two American fishermen last November after the boat he was in capsized . Elian 's Miami relatives took in the child , but then refused to return him to his surviving father in Cuba , citing the harshness of the Castro regime . INS agents traveled to Cuba to interview the child 's father before the INS rejected the application for asylum , saying the child 's father was the only person authorized to represent him . However , Justice Department officials said the appellate court could decide to waive the extra seven - day period . Basulto said . 	answer: negative
event: saying Iraqi troops massed nearby in Kuwait threatened Saudi Arabia and its vast oil reserves starts after Iraqi troops massed nearby in Kuwait threatened Saudi Arabia and its vast oil reserves story: Also today , King Hussein of Jordan arrived in Washington seeking to mediate the Persian Gulf crisis . In another mediation effort , the Soviet Union said today it had sent an envoy to the Middle East on a series of stops to include Baghdad . Bush can call up to 200,000 reservists for up to 180 days without seeking congressional approval . Iraq has agreed to allow all 880 Soviets in Kuwait to leave , but only by a 1,200-mile road route through Iraq and to the Iraq - Jordan border . The British Foreign Office said today conditions in Kuwait appear to be deteriorating . There have been reports of wholesale looting but food and gasoline were still available , said a spokesman , who by custom was not identified . The U.N. Security Council on Aug. 6 ordered a global embargo on trade with Iraq as punishment for seizing Kuwait . Bush then sent U.S. troops and planes to Saudi Arabia , On Tuesday , the United States and Soviet Union conferred in Washington on putting an anti - Iraq naval blockade under a United Nations umbrella . The embargo is meant to cripple Iraq by cutting off its exports of oil and imports of food and military supplies . In Saudi Arabia , today is the eighth day of ` ` Desert Shield , ' ' the operation designed to confront an estimated 200,000 Iraqi soldiers now in Kuwait . At least 50,000 U.S. troops are expected to be committed to Desert Shield within weeks , including Marines , Army air assault forces , paratroopers and infantry . Iraq has 17 million residents , and Kuwait about 1.9 million . 	answer: positive
event: saying Iraqi troops massed nearby in Kuwait threatened Saudi Arabia and its vast oil reserves starts before Iraqi troops massed nearby in Kuwait threatened Saudi Arabia and its vast oil reserves story: Also today , King Hussein of Jordan arrived in Washington seeking to mediate the Persian Gulf crisis . In another mediation effort , the Soviet Union said today it had sent an envoy to the Middle East on a series of stops to include Baghdad . Bush can call up to 200,000 reservists for up to 180 days without seeking congressional approval . Iraq has agreed to allow all 880 Soviets in Kuwait to leave , but only by a 1,200-mile road route through Iraq and to the Iraq - Jordan border . The British Foreign Office said today conditions in Kuwait appear to be deteriorating . There have been reports of wholesale looting but food and gasoline were still available , said a spokesman , who by custom was not identified . The U.N. Security Council on Aug. 6 ordered a global embargo on trade with Iraq as punishment for seizing Kuwait . Bush then sent U.S. troops and planes to Saudi Arabia , On Tuesday , the United States and Soviet Union conferred in Washington on putting an anti - Iraq naval blockade under a United Nations umbrella . The embargo is meant to cripple Iraq by cutting off its exports of oil and imports of food and military supplies . In Saudi Arabia , today is the eighth day of ` ` Desert Shield , ' ' the operation designed to confront an estimated 200,000 Iraqi soldiers now in Kuwait . At least 50,000 U.S. troops are expected to be committed to Desert Shield within weeks , including Marines , Army air assault forces , paratroopers and infantry . Iraq has 17 million residents , and Kuwait about 1.9 million . 	answer: negative
event: Cubans want to know what we 're going to tell Americans , in many cases , what their relatives in the United States are going to hear starts before it already causing enormous expectations story: Good evening from the central park in downtown Havana . We are here this week to witness the rendezvous that Fidel Castro and the Pope are having with history . Everything that happens in Cuba gets America 's attention . Incidentally , we just show up to do the broadcast , and Cubans  want to know what we 're going to tell Americans , in many cases , what their relatives in the United States are going to hear . Well , this is the eve of the Pope 's visit to one of the last bastions of Communism anywhere in the world , and it is already  causing enormous expectations . In Revolution Square , they put up a giant cross today . And right across from the Cuban revolutionary icon Che Guevara , they now have a giant portrait of Jesus . Above it in Spanish , Jesus , in you we believe . Not all Cubans believe , but Castro has invited everyone to welcome the man who has been one of Communism 's most effective adversaries , and that 's why there is suspense . Castro has said officially that it 's okay to be enthusiastic . And so , people are increasingly enthusiastic by today , Cuban television , which clings to the Communist Party line , actually began to promote its papal coverage . The Pope 's visit is important , but they are also coming home . This is quite an extraordinary story unfolding here . We 'll come back to Havana later in the broadcast . But now we 're going to go back to New York , where Diane Sawyer has the rest of the news . 	answer: positive
event: Cubans want to know what we 're going to tell Americans , in many cases , what their relatives in the United States are going to hear starts after it already causing enormous expectations story: Good evening from the central park in downtown Havana . We are here this week to witness the rendezvous that Fidel Castro and the Pope are having with history . Everything that happens in Cuba gets America 's attention . Incidentally , we just show up to do the broadcast , and Cubans  want to know what we 're going to tell Americans , in many cases , what their relatives in the United States are going to hear . Well , this is the eve of the Pope 's visit to one of the last bastions of Communism anywhere in the world , and it is already  causing enormous expectations . In Revolution Square , they put up a giant cross today . And right across from the Cuban revolutionary icon Che Guevara , they now have a giant portrait of Jesus . Above it in Spanish , Jesus , in you we believe . Not all Cubans believe , but Castro has invited everyone to welcome the man who has been one of Communism 's most effective adversaries , and that 's why there is suspense . Castro has said officially that it 's okay to be enthusiastic . And so , people are increasingly enthusiastic by today , Cuban television , which clings to the Communist Party line , actually began to promote its papal coverage . The Pope 's visit is important , but they are also coming home . This is quite an extraordinary story unfolding here . We 'll come back to Havana later in the broadcast . But now we 're going to go back to New York , where Diane Sawyer has the rest of the news . 	answer: negative
event: Late in the day lawyers for Elian 's Miami family said little starts after We continue to be very concerned about the mental and psychological well - being of this 6-year - old story: Late Monday , U.S. State Department officials said that travel visas had been approved for Elian 's father , Juan Miguel Gonzalez , his immediate family and three other people _ a pediatrician , a psychologist and one of Elian 's favorite cousins . But Miami 's volatile Cuban exiles continued to vow they would block any attempt to take Elian from the Little Havana home where he has been living with his Miami relatives , with some predicting bloodshed if federal agents come for the boy . Late in the day , lawyers for Elian 's Miami family emerged from their third day - long meeting with federal officials , but  said little . ` ` To that end , we 'll be back tomorrow to continue our negotiations . ' ' Federal officials made no immediate comment . D.C. Cuban President Fidel Castro has said they would live in the home of a Cuban diplomat in the Washington area until the court case surrounding Elian 's fate is resolved . His mother and 10 other people drowned . In January , Immigration and Naturalization Service Commissioner Doris Meissner ruled that Elian should go back to Cuba , a decision upheld by U.S. Attorney General Janet Reno . The Miami relatives filed a federal lawsuit to overturn the decision , but in March a Miami federal judge ruled against them . They immediately appealed to the 11th Circuit Court of Appeals in Atlanta . But by Monday , federal officials hardened their negotiating stance , insisting the boy would be turned over to his father once the Cuban group arrives in the United States . ` ` His father will be Fidel Castro , the worst dictator in history . ' ' 	answer: positive
event: Late in the day lawyers for Elian 's Miami family said little starts before We continue to be very concerned about the mental and psychological well - being of this 6-year - old story: Late Monday , U.S. State Department officials said that travel visas had been approved for Elian 's father , Juan Miguel Gonzalez , his immediate family and three other people _ a pediatrician , a psychologist and one of Elian 's favorite cousins . But Miami 's volatile Cuban exiles continued to vow they would block any attempt to take Elian from the Little Havana home where he has been living with his Miami relatives , with some predicting bloodshed if federal agents come for the boy . Late in the day , lawyers for Elian 's Miami family emerged from their third day - long meeting with federal officials , but  said little . ` ` To that end , we 'll be back tomorrow to continue our negotiations . ' ' Federal officials made no immediate comment . D.C. Cuban President Fidel Castro has said they would live in the home of a Cuban diplomat in the Washington area until the court case surrounding Elian 's fate is resolved . His mother and 10 other people drowned . In January , Immigration and Naturalization Service Commissioner Doris Meissner ruled that Elian should go back to Cuba , a decision upheld by U.S. Attorney General Janet Reno . The Miami relatives filed a federal lawsuit to overturn the decision , but in March a Miami federal judge ruled against them . They immediately appealed to the 11th Circuit Court of Appeals in Atlanta . But by Monday , federal officials hardened their negotiating stance , insisting the boy would be turned over to his father once the Cuban group arrives in the United States . ` ` His father will be Fidel Castro , the worst dictator in history . ' ' 	answer: negative
event: Still , two - thirds of the outflow has been steered into other Vanguard portfolios says Brian Mattes , a vice president starts after The fund now holds a cash position of about 15 % story: Last week alone , an eye - popping $ 1.6 billion flowed out of the junk funds , or nearly 5 % of their total assets , according to estimates by Dalbar Financial Services Inc. , a Boston research firm . In the past two months the nation 's 88 junk funds have lost a total of about $ 6 billion -- more than 15 % of assets -- through sales or transfers of junk - fund shares , Dalbar says . " Mutual fund groups have n't lost control of much of the outgoing money , says Louis Harvey , Dalbar 's president . But tremors are likely in the junk - bond market , which has helped to finance the takeover boom of recent years . The 88 mutual funds investing solely in junk bonds hold assets of about $ 32 billion . The $ 1.5 billion Fidelity High Income Fund has had a net outflow of about $ 150 million in the past two months . You get a news item , it hits , you have strong redemptions that day and for two days following -- then go back to normal , " says Mr. Litvack . He adds : " Our fund has had { positive } net sales every month for the last three years -- until this month . " Still , two - thirds of the outflow has been steered into other Vanguard portfolios ,  says Brian Mattes , a vice president . Those withdrawals , most of which were transferred to other T. Rowe Price funds , followed little change in the fund 's sales picture this year through August . And then , asset values of the funds could plunge more than they have so far . " 	answer: positive
event: Still , two - thirds of the outflow has been steered into other Vanguard portfolios says Brian Mattes , a vice president starts before The fund now holds a cash position of about 15 % story: Last week alone , an eye - popping $ 1.6 billion flowed out of the junk funds , or nearly 5 % of their total assets , according to estimates by Dalbar Financial Services Inc. , a Boston research firm . In the past two months the nation 's 88 junk funds have lost a total of about $ 6 billion -- more than 15 % of assets -- through sales or transfers of junk - fund shares , Dalbar says . " Mutual fund groups have n't lost control of much of the outgoing money , says Louis Harvey , Dalbar 's president . But tremors are likely in the junk - bond market , which has helped to finance the takeover boom of recent years . The 88 mutual funds investing solely in junk bonds hold assets of about $ 32 billion . The $ 1.5 billion Fidelity High Income Fund has had a net outflow of about $ 150 million in the past two months . You get a news item , it hits , you have strong redemptions that day and for two days following -- then go back to normal , " says Mr. Litvack . He adds : " Our fund has had { positive } net sales every month for the last three years -- until this month . " Still , two - thirds of the outflow has been steered into other Vanguard portfolios ,  says Brian Mattes , a vice president . Those withdrawals , most of which were transferred to other T. Rowe Price funds , followed little change in the fund 's sales picture this year through August . And then , asset values of the funds could plunge more than they have so far . " 	answer: negative
event: Ironically NATO 's three newest members just a decade ago were still under the Soviet umbrella starts before Czech Foreign Minister Jan Kavan said he was in nearby Kansas City working with the anti - Soviet undergound in 1968 when Russian troops swept through Praque in the occupation of Czechoslovakia story: INDEPENDENCE , MO . Secretary of State Madeleine Albright accepted admission papers from the three countries ' foreign ministers , marking their formal entry into the 50-year - old alliance . ` ` Hungary has come home . We are back in the family , ' ' said Hungarian Foreign Minister Janos Martonyi . In a touch of symbolism , the ceremony took place at the Harry S. Truman Library . It was during the Truman presidency that the North Atlantic Treaty Organization was founded to halt the westward spread of Soviet - led communism . Since 1949 , it has been expanded to include Greece and Turkey in 1952 , Germany in 1955 and Spain in 1982 . The issue is expected to dominate a NATO summit set for Washington in April . Now the alliance 's mission is more ill - defined . As NATO allies , the goal is much smaller armies capable of meeting a variety of contingencies . The State Department says the three new members ` ` enhance NATO 's ability to fulfill its core mission of collective defense , respond to a range of security challenges and reduce the possibility of another major conflict in Europe of the kind that has claimed so many American lives . ' Former Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev says the push east signifies a rejection of the common European security system that was discussed at the end of the Cold War . Russian Foreign Minister Igor Ivanov calls extending NATO membership into Eastern Europe ` ` a movement in the wrong direction . ' ' ` ` All European states must cooperate in creating a joint security system , ' ' he was quoted as saying . 	answer: positive
event: Ironically NATO 's three newest members just a decade ago were still under the Soviet umbrella starts after Czech Foreign Minister Jan Kavan said he was in nearby Kansas City working with the anti - Soviet undergound in 1968 when Russian troops swept through Praque in the occupation of Czechoslovakia story: INDEPENDENCE , MO . Secretary of State Madeleine Albright accepted admission papers from the three countries ' foreign ministers , marking their formal entry into the 50-year - old alliance . ` ` Hungary has come home . We are back in the family , ' ' said Hungarian Foreign Minister Janos Martonyi . In a touch of symbolism , the ceremony took place at the Harry S. Truman Library . It was during the Truman presidency that the North Atlantic Treaty Organization was founded to halt the westward spread of Soviet - led communism . Since 1949 , it has been expanded to include Greece and Turkey in 1952 , Germany in 1955 and Spain in 1982 . The issue is expected to dominate a NATO summit set for Washington in April . Now the alliance 's mission is more ill - defined . As NATO allies , the goal is much smaller armies capable of meeting a variety of contingencies . The State Department says the three new members ` ` enhance NATO 's ability to fulfill its core mission of collective defense , respond to a range of security challenges and reduce the possibility of another major conflict in Europe of the kind that has claimed so many American lives . ' Former Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev says the push east signifies a rejection of the common European security system that was discussed at the end of the Cold War . Russian Foreign Minister Igor Ivanov calls extending NATO membership into Eastern Europe ` ` a movement in the wrong direction . ' ' ` ` All European states must cooperate in creating a joint security system , ' ' he was quoted as saying . 	answer: negative
event: a boat carrying him from Cuba starts before a boat carrying him from Cuba sank story: With a tense Miami waiting , federal immigration officials said Monday they will order the Miami relatives of 6-year - old Cuban rafter Elian Gonzalez to turn the boy over to his father , who could come to the U.S. from Cuba as early as Tuesday . ` ` We continue to be very concerned about the mental and psychological well - being of this 6-year - old , ' ' said Manny Diaz , one of the family 's attorneys . Visas for the entourage of more than 20 teachers , classmates and others _ including Ricardo Alarcon , Cuban National Assembly president _ that Castro wants to accompany the family were not yet approved , officials said . Federal officials placed him with his Miami relatives , but kept custody over him . The Miami relatives filed a federal lawsuit to overturn the decision , but in March a Miami federal judge ruled against them . They immediately appealed to the 11th Circuit Court of Appeals in Atlanta . If the family refused , INS had threatened to revoke Elian 's parole , meaning federal officials would take him from the Miami family . Previously , Gonzalez had said he would never come here to get his son . Over the weekend , lawyers for the family raised accusations that Juan Miguel Gonzalez had mistreated his son in telephone conversations , saying he had told the boy that his mother was alive and waiting for him in Cuba . A new ABC News - Washington Post opinion poll shows that 6 of 10 Americans also believe the boy should go home with his father . ` ` His father will be Fidel Castro , the worst dictator in history . ' ' 	answer: positive
event: a boat carrying him from Cuba starts after a boat carrying him from Cuba sank story: With a tense Miami waiting , federal immigration officials said Monday they will order the Miami relatives of 6-year - old Cuban rafter Elian Gonzalez to turn the boy over to his father , who could come to the U.S. from Cuba as early as Tuesday . ` ` We continue to be very concerned about the mental and psychological well - being of this 6-year - old , ' ' said Manny Diaz , one of the family 's attorneys . Visas for the entourage of more than 20 teachers , classmates and others _ including Ricardo Alarcon , Cuban National Assembly president _ that Castro wants to accompany the family were not yet approved , officials said . Federal officials placed him with his Miami relatives , but kept custody over him . The Miami relatives filed a federal lawsuit to overturn the decision , but in March a Miami federal judge ruled against them . They immediately appealed to the 11th Circuit Court of Appeals in Atlanta . If the family refused , INS had threatened to revoke Elian 's parole , meaning federal officials would take him from the Miami family . Previously , Gonzalez had said he would never come here to get his son . Over the weekend , lawyers for the family raised accusations that Juan Miguel Gonzalez had mistreated his son in telephone conversations , saying he had told the boy that his mother was alive and waiting for him in Cuba . A new ABC News - Washington Post opinion poll shows that 6 of 10 Americans also believe the boy should go home with his father . ` ` His father will be Fidel Castro , the worst dictator in history . ' ' 	answer: negative
event: If in fact , Elian 's father is permitted by the dictatorship of Fidel Castro to come to the United States then as a Cuban American I welcome him starts after All week elected officials in Washington , D.C. , and at the state capital in Tallahassee issued statement of support for Elian 's Miami relatives , even Vice President Al Gore breaking from his own administration 's stand story: In rapid - fire Spanish , so fast that even people who learned the language in other Hispanic cultures can have trouble keeping up , they villify Attorney General Janet Reno , President Clinton and others who want to send the child back to his father in Cuba . It is a Communist plot hatched by the hated dictator , Fidel Castro , they say . That kid will get nothing in Cuba . Well , maybe electro - shock treatment ` ` Like the family , we are monitoring developments concerning the possible arrival of ( Elian 's father ) But in Miami , many Cuban Americans said Castro is orchestrating the visit . ` ` They are coming with everyone , including psychologists , ' ' said Armando Sanjurjo , 73 . ` ` You know why ? To give Elian an injection and take him back to Cuba . ' ' ` ` He 's coming with an entire court of people ? What 's that about ? ' ' said Angela Esparragera , 71 . In Miami - Dade County , elected officials went as far as to say they their police departments would have no role in taking the boy from the house . ` ` Send him back , ' ' said Marsha Raeber , 47 , an airline employee . ` ` There are rules and regulations in this country . Who 's to say that he 's better off at Disney World and eating fast food here instead if breathing the fresh air of Cuba . ' ' ` ` It would be ideal if his father came , ' ' and then stayed , in Miami . 	answer: positive
event: If in fact , Elian 's father is permitted by the dictatorship of Fidel Castro to come to the United States then as a Cuban American I welcome him starts before All week elected officials in Washington , D.C. , and at the state capital in Tallahassee issued statement of support for Elian 's Miami relatives , even Vice President Al Gore breaking from his own administration 's stand story: In rapid - fire Spanish , so fast that even people who learned the language in other Hispanic cultures can have trouble keeping up , they villify Attorney General Janet Reno , President Clinton and others who want to send the child back to his father in Cuba . It is a Communist plot hatched by the hated dictator , Fidel Castro , they say . That kid will get nothing in Cuba . Well , maybe electro - shock treatment ` ` Like the family , we are monitoring developments concerning the possible arrival of ( Elian 's father ) But in Miami , many Cuban Americans said Castro is orchestrating the visit . ` ` They are coming with everyone , including psychologists , ' ' said Armando Sanjurjo , 73 . ` ` You know why ? To give Elian an injection and take him back to Cuba . ' ' ` ` He 's coming with an entire court of people ? What 's that about ? ' ' said Angela Esparragera , 71 . In Miami - Dade County , elected officials went as far as to say they their police departments would have no role in taking the boy from the house . ` ` Send him back , ' ' said Marsha Raeber , 47 , an airline employee . ` ` There are rules and regulations in this country . Who 's to say that he 's better off at Disney World and eating fast food here instead if breathing the fresh air of Cuba . ' ' ` ` It would be ideal if his father came , ' ' and then stayed , in Miami . 	answer: negative
event: they forgive starts before they forget story: Reno denied the request , but Manuel Gonzalez did n't back down . In a town where expressing even the slightest approval for Cuban President Fidel Castro can prompt threats of physical harm , Manuel Gonzalez filed a motion in federal court asking for custody of Elian so that he could help reunite the boy with his father in Cuba . It was a move that many see as courageous and principled , but others fear may be foolhardy . Elian should be with his father . ' ' According to press reports , Caridad Gonzalez , the oldest sister , was the first to come to the United States , arriving in 1966 . Labeled ` ` worms ' ' and ` ` traitors ' ' by Castro , many were n't able to speak to _ much less visit The situation began to relax in the early 1990s , with the crisis triggered by the end of the former Soviet Union 's subsidies . ` ` The Miami families have become a lifeline , and since 1990 there has been a great trend toward reconciliation , ' ' said Florida International 's Fernandez . The branches of the family regularly talked by telephone and the Miami relatives went back to Cuba for several family reunions . Neither side would say what happened , but when Manuel returned to his house , he was so upset he felt heart palpitations and was taken to a hospital . ` ` He 's a strong man , ' ' said Jeffrey Leving . ` ` The wounds of the problem will heal , ' ' he told the Los Angeles Times newspaper . 	answer: positive
event: they forgive starts after they forget story: Reno denied the request , but Manuel Gonzalez did n't back down . In a town where expressing even the slightest approval for Cuban President Fidel Castro can prompt threats of physical harm , Manuel Gonzalez filed a motion in federal court asking for custody of Elian so that he could help reunite the boy with his father in Cuba . It was a move that many see as courageous and principled , but others fear may be foolhardy . Elian should be with his father . ' ' According to press reports , Caridad Gonzalez , the oldest sister , was the first to come to the United States , arriving in 1966 . Labeled ` ` worms ' ' and ` ` traitors ' ' by Castro , many were n't able to speak to _ much less visit The situation began to relax in the early 1990s , with the crisis triggered by the end of the former Soviet Union 's subsidies . ` ` The Miami families have become a lifeline , and since 1990 there has been a great trend toward reconciliation , ' ' said Florida International 's Fernandez . The branches of the family regularly talked by telephone and the Miami relatives went back to Cuba for several family reunions . Neither side would say what happened , but when Manuel returned to his house , he was so upset he felt heart palpitations and was taken to a hospital . ` ` He 's a strong man , ' ' said Jeffrey Leving . ` ` The wounds of the problem will heal , ' ' he told the Los Angeles Times newspaper . 	answer: negative
event: The store owner 's body found with the arms and head cut off and the parts stuffed in separate garbage bags starts after the arms and head cut story: CAGUAS , Puerto Rico ( AP ) _ Kidnappers kept their promise to kill a store owner they took hostage and police found the man 's dismembered and decapitated body Friday wrapped in plastic garbage bags . Police confirmed Friday that the body found along a highway in this municipality 15 miles south of San Juan belonged to Jorge Hernandez , 49 . Hernandez was kidnapped from his small , neighborhood store in the town of Trujillo Alto at 10 p.m. Wednesday , police said . His kidnappers demanded a ransom of dlrs 1 million , but negotiations broke off at noon Thursday . Police gave no details about the negotiations with the kidnappers for the return of Hernandez . The store owner 's body was  found with the arms and head  cut off and the parts stuffed in separate garbage bags . A passerby called police to report the body alongside the road . Puerto Rico Police Superintendent Pedro Toledo urged people who might be targeted by kidnappers to be alert . ` ` There has been an increase in Puerto Rico in this kind of thing and some of these bands of kidnappers are made up of foreigners , ' ' Toledo said . While some Latin American countries such as Mexico and Colombia have suffered from a rash of kidnappings in recent years , the crime has not been common in this U.S. commonwealth . 	answer: positive
event: The store owner 's body found with the arms and head cut off and the parts stuffed in separate garbage bags starts before the arms and head cut story: CAGUAS , Puerto Rico ( AP ) _ Kidnappers kept their promise to kill a store owner they took hostage and police found the man 's dismembered and decapitated body Friday wrapped in plastic garbage bags . Police confirmed Friday that the body found along a highway in this municipality 15 miles south of San Juan belonged to Jorge Hernandez , 49 . Hernandez was kidnapped from his small , neighborhood store in the town of Trujillo Alto at 10 p.m. Wednesday , police said . His kidnappers demanded a ransom of dlrs 1 million , but negotiations broke off at noon Thursday . Police gave no details about the negotiations with the kidnappers for the return of Hernandez . The store owner 's body was  found with the arms and head  cut off and the parts stuffed in separate garbage bags . A passerby called police to report the body alongside the road . Puerto Rico Police Superintendent Pedro Toledo urged people who might be targeted by kidnappers to be alert . ` ` There has been an increase in Puerto Rico in this kind of thing and some of these bands of kidnappers are made up of foreigners , ' ' Toledo said . While some Latin American countries such as Mexico and Colombia have suffered from a rash of kidnappings in recent years , the crime has not been common in this U.S. commonwealth . 	answer: negative
event: a town where expressing even the slightest approval for Cuban President Fidel Castro starts before In a town where expressing even the slightest approval for Cuban President Fidel Castro can prompt threats of physical harm Manuel Gonzalez filed a motion in federal court asking for custody of Elian so that he could help reunite the boy with his father in Cuba story: Until this week . ` ` I have lost a son , ' ' Gonzalez told reporters later , referring to his own son 's death due to cancer . Elian should be with his father . ' ` ` He must go to work , ' ' said his daughter , Rosa , who said Gonzalez would prefer not to talk about the issue . Her brother Delfin , who was imprisoned as an anti - Castro activist in the 1960s , followed in 1979 . He worked as a police officer in a Cuban ministry , a position that probably helped his son _ Elian 's father _ get a job in the Communist island 's increasingly lucrative tourism industry . In desperate need of hard currency , Castro relaxed travel restrictions and allowed Cubans to have U.S. dollars , triggering a trickle of cash from Miami that soon became a flood . Prior to Elian , the Gonzalez family apparently was no different . The branches of the family regularly talked by telephone and the Miami relatives went back to Cuba for several family reunions . After making his opinions known , Manuel Gonzalez reportedly was ostracized by his Miami kin , especially Lazaro , who has been keeping Elian and who has gone to court to try to keep the boy here . ` ` He 's a strong man , ' ' said Jeffrey Leving . ` ` He wo n't let anyone intimidate him from doing what is in Elian 's best interests . ' ' To his credit , Lazaro Gonzalez has issued a statement asking Miami 's exiles to respect his brother 's opinions . ` ` But the scars will always be there . ' 	answer: positive
event: a town where expressing even the slightest approval for Cuban President Fidel Castro starts after In a town where expressing even the slightest approval for Cuban President Fidel Castro can prompt threats of physical harm Manuel Gonzalez filed a motion in federal court asking for custody of Elian so that he could help reunite the boy with his father in Cuba story: Until this week . ` ` I have lost a son , ' ' Gonzalez told reporters later , referring to his own son 's death due to cancer . Elian should be with his father . ' ` ` He must go to work , ' ' said his daughter , Rosa , who said Gonzalez would prefer not to talk about the issue . Her brother Delfin , who was imprisoned as an anti - Castro activist in the 1960s , followed in 1979 . He worked as a police officer in a Cuban ministry , a position that probably helped his son _ Elian 's father _ get a job in the Communist island 's increasingly lucrative tourism industry . In desperate need of hard currency , Castro relaxed travel restrictions and allowed Cubans to have U.S. dollars , triggering a trickle of cash from Miami that soon became a flood . Prior to Elian , the Gonzalez family apparently was no different . The branches of the family regularly talked by telephone and the Miami relatives went back to Cuba for several family reunions . After making his opinions known , Manuel Gonzalez reportedly was ostracized by his Miami kin , especially Lazaro , who has been keeping Elian and who has gone to court to try to keep the boy here . ` ` He 's a strong man , ' ' said Jeffrey Leving . ` ` He wo n't let anyone intimidate him from doing what is in Elian 's best interests . ' ' To his credit , Lazaro Gonzalez has issued a statement asking Miami 's exiles to respect his brother 's opinions . ` ` But the scars will always be there . ' 	answer: negative
event: Another cousin , Georgina Cid said Elian 's father had intended to flee Cuba himself , but was being coerced by the Castro government to stay and make certain statements starts after Elian 's father coerced by the Castro government to stay and make certain statements story: Both great - uncles live in Miami . Meantime , the possibility of a meeting between Attorney General Janet Reno and Lazaro Gonzalez 's family reemerged Thursday . Cid said . The father 's response when learning that his boy was safe in Miami was ` ` take care of him until I can go , meaning go to the United States , ' ' Support for the bill has been waning . Speaker after speaker denounced the United States and extolled the virtues of Cuba 's communist revolution . The boy was placed in his care after being found clinging to an inner tube in the Atlantic last Thanksgiving following a boat wreck that killed his mother and 10 other people . The Immigration and Naturalization Service has ruled in favor of the father 's request that the boy be returned to him in Cuba , but that decision was put on hold while the Miami relatives battle in federal court to keep him in this country . He said Elian was ` ` surrounded by two drunks . ' Armando Gutierrez , a spokesman for the Miami relatives , dismissed the criticism : ` ` Elian is surrounded by love . ' ' Elian 's relatives and other Miami supporters say his mother died to give him freedom . ` ` No material good exists that can compete with the value of the family , and it is humiliating for us that people are still questioning our love and the future that awaits Elian at his home , ' ' said a Spanish version of the letter , dated Feb. 4 . 	answer: positive
event: Another cousin , Georgina Cid said Elian 's father had intended to flee Cuba himself , but was being coerced by the Castro government to stay and make certain statements starts before Elian 's father coerced by the Castro government to stay and make certain statements story: Both great - uncles live in Miami . Meantime , the possibility of a meeting between Attorney General Janet Reno and Lazaro Gonzalez 's family reemerged Thursday . Cid said . The father 's response when learning that his boy was safe in Miami was ` ` take care of him until I can go , meaning go to the United States , ' ' Support for the bill has been waning . Speaker after speaker denounced the United States and extolled the virtues of Cuba 's communist revolution . The boy was placed in his care after being found clinging to an inner tube in the Atlantic last Thanksgiving following a boat wreck that killed his mother and 10 other people . The Immigration and Naturalization Service has ruled in favor of the father 's request that the boy be returned to him in Cuba , but that decision was put on hold while the Miami relatives battle in federal court to keep him in this country . He said Elian was ` ` surrounded by two drunks . ' Armando Gutierrez , a spokesman for the Miami relatives , dismissed the criticism : ` ` Elian is surrounded by love . ' ' Elian 's relatives and other Miami supporters say his mother died to give him freedom . ` ` No material good exists that can compete with the value of the family , and it is humiliating for us that people are still questioning our love and the future that awaits Elian at his home , ' ' said a Spanish version of the letter , dated Feb. 4 . 	answer: negative
event: he turned a number of cases to avoid possible fee seizures starts before where prosecutors told him that they may soon seek an indictment on racketeering and securities fraud charges story: The government is sharpening its newest weapon against white - collar defendants : the power to prevent them from paying their legal bills . And defense lawyers are warning that they wo n't stick around if they do n't get paid . If the government succeeds in seizing Mr. Antar 's assets , he could be left without top - flight legal representation , because his attorneys are likely to quit , according to individuals familiar with the case . The people who suffer in the short run are defendants , but the people who suffer in the long run are all of the people , because there wo n't be a vigorous private bar to defend the Bill of Rights , " says Gerald Lefcourt , a criminal defense attorney who says he has  turned down a number of cases to avoid possible fee seizures . Under the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations law , or RICO , the government has the authority to seek to freeze or seize a defendant 's assets before trial . According to individuals familiar with Mr. Antar 's case , prosecutors issued their warning this week after one of Mr. Antar 's attorneys asked whether legal fees might be subject to seizure . " Through his lawyers , Mr. Antar has denied allegations in the SEC suit and in civil suits previously filed by shareholders against Mr. Antar and others . The Justice Department has emphasized that the government 's fee - forfeiture power is to be used sparingly . According to department policy , prosecutors must make a strong showing that lawyers ' fees came from assets tainted by illegal profits before any attempts at seizure are made . 	answer: positive
event: he turned a number of cases to avoid possible fee seizures starts after where prosecutors told him that they may soon seek an indictment on racketeering and securities fraud charges story: The government is sharpening its newest weapon against white - collar defendants : the power to prevent them from paying their legal bills . And defense lawyers are warning that they wo n't stick around if they do n't get paid . If the government succeeds in seizing Mr. Antar 's assets , he could be left without top - flight legal representation , because his attorneys are likely to quit , according to individuals familiar with the case . The people who suffer in the short run are defendants , but the people who suffer in the long run are all of the people , because there wo n't be a vigorous private bar to defend the Bill of Rights , " says Gerald Lefcourt , a criminal defense attorney who says he has  turned down a number of cases to avoid possible fee seizures . Under the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations law , or RICO , the government has the authority to seek to freeze or seize a defendant 's assets before trial . According to individuals familiar with Mr. Antar 's case , prosecutors issued their warning this week after one of Mr. Antar 's attorneys asked whether legal fees might be subject to seizure . " Through his lawyers , Mr. Antar has denied allegations in the SEC suit and in civil suits previously filed by shareholders against Mr. Antar and others . The Justice Department has emphasized that the government 's fee - forfeiture power is to be used sparingly . According to department policy , prosecutors must make a strong showing that lawyers ' fees came from assets tainted by illegal profits before any attempts at seizure are made . 	answer: negative
event: In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday Intelogic shares rose 37.5 cents to close at $ 2.75 starts before Mr. Edelman declined to specify what prompted the recent moves saying they are meant only to benefit shareholders when " the company is on a roll story: Intelogic Trace Inc. , San Antonio , Texas , said it bought 2.7 million shares , or about 18 % , of its common stock from an unaffiliated shareholder for $ 3.625 a share , or $ 9.9 million . The move boosts Intelogic Chairman Asher Edelman 's stake to 20 % from 16.2 % and may help prevent Martin Ackerman from making a run at the computer - services concern . Mr. Ackerman already is seeking to oust Mr. Edelman as chairman of Datapoint Corp. , an Intelogic affiliate . The action followed by one day an Intelogic announcement that it will retain an investment banker to explore alternatives " to maximize shareholder value , " including the possible sale of the company . In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Intelogic shares  rose 37.5 cents to close at $ 2.75 . Mr. Edelman  declined to specify what prompted the recent moves , saying they are meant only to benefit shareholders when " the company is on a roll . " He added , " This has nothing to do with Marty Ackerman and it is not designed , particularly , to take the company private . " But Mr. Ackerman said the buy - back , and the above - market price paid , prove that Mr. Edelman is running scared . 	answer: positive
event: In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday Intelogic shares rose 37.5 cents to close at $ 2.75 starts after Mr. Edelman declined to specify what prompted the recent moves saying they are meant only to benefit shareholders when " the company is on a roll story: Intelogic Trace Inc. , San Antonio , Texas , said it bought 2.7 million shares , or about 18 % , of its common stock from an unaffiliated shareholder for $ 3.625 a share , or $ 9.9 million . The move boosts Intelogic Chairman Asher Edelman 's stake to 20 % from 16.2 % and may help prevent Martin Ackerman from making a run at the computer - services concern . Mr. Ackerman already is seeking to oust Mr. Edelman as chairman of Datapoint Corp. , an Intelogic affiliate . The action followed by one day an Intelogic announcement that it will retain an investment banker to explore alternatives " to maximize shareholder value , " including the possible sale of the company . In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Intelogic shares  rose 37.5 cents to close at $ 2.75 . Mr. Edelman  declined to specify what prompted the recent moves , saying they are meant only to benefit shareholders when " the company is on a roll . " He added , " This has nothing to do with Marty Ackerman and it is not designed , particularly , to take the company private . " But Mr. Ackerman said the buy - back , and the above - market price paid , prove that Mr. Edelman is running scared . 	answer: negative
event: Through his lawyers Mr. Antar denied allegations in the SEC suit and in civil suits previously filed by shareholders against Mr. Antar and others starts after Mr. Antar pump the company 's stock price through false financial statements in order to sell his stake and reap huge profits story: The government is sharpening its newest weapon against white - collar defendants : the power to prevent them from paying their legal bills . If the government succeeds in seizing Mr. Antar 's assets , he could be left without top - flight legal representation , because his attorneys are likely to quit , according to individuals familiar with the case . Mr. Antar is being investigated by a federal grand jury in Newark , where prosecutors have told him that they may soon seek an indictment on racketeering and securities fraud charges . Prosecutors have told Mr. Antar 's attorneys that they believe Mr. Antar 's allegedly ill - gotten gains are so great that any money he has used to pay attorneys derives from illegal activities . In Newark , U.S. Attorney Samuel A. Alito said , " I do n't think there 's any legal reason to limit forfeiture of attorney 's fees to drug cases . " Through his lawyers , Mr. Antar has  denied allegations in the SEC suit and in civil suits previously filed by shareholders against Mr. Antar and others . The SEC has alleged that Mr. Antar aimed to  pump up the company 's stock price through false financial statements in order to sell his stake and reap huge profits . According to department policy , prosecutors must make a strong showing that lawyers ' fees came from assets tainted by illegal profits before any attempts at seizure are made . They also worry that if the government applies asset - forfeiture laws broadly , the best defense lawyers will be unwilling to take criminal cases unless they are assured of being paid . 	answer: positive
event: Through his lawyers Mr. Antar denied allegations in the SEC suit and in civil suits previously filed by shareholders against Mr. Antar and others starts before Mr. Antar pump the company 's stock price through false financial statements in order to sell his stake and reap huge profits story: The government is sharpening its newest weapon against white - collar defendants : the power to prevent them from paying their legal bills . If the government succeeds in seizing Mr. Antar 's assets , he could be left without top - flight legal representation , because his attorneys are likely to quit , according to individuals familiar with the case . Mr. Antar is being investigated by a federal grand jury in Newark , where prosecutors have told him that they may soon seek an indictment on racketeering and securities fraud charges . Prosecutors have told Mr. Antar 's attorneys that they believe Mr. Antar 's allegedly ill - gotten gains are so great that any money he has used to pay attorneys derives from illegal activities . In Newark , U.S. Attorney Samuel A. Alito said , " I do n't think there 's any legal reason to limit forfeiture of attorney 's fees to drug cases . " Through his lawyers , Mr. Antar has  denied allegations in the SEC suit and in civil suits previously filed by shareholders against Mr. Antar and others . The SEC has alleged that Mr. Antar aimed to  pump up the company 's stock price through false financial statements in order to sell his stake and reap huge profits . According to department policy , prosecutors must make a strong showing that lawyers ' fees came from assets tainted by illegal profits before any attempts at seizure are made . They also worry that if the government applies asset - forfeiture laws broadly , the best defense lawyers will be unwilling to take criminal cases unless they are assured of being paid . 	answer: negative
event: He was the 456th person to be placed on the FBI 's most wanted list , which began in 1950 starts before Since then , 427 fugitives have been taken into custody or located , 133 of them as a result of citizen assistance the FBI said story: HAMILTON ( AP ) -- Canadian authorities issued a nationwide arrest warrant Monday for James Charles Kopp , a U.S. fugitive on the FBI 's most wanted list for an alleged anti - abortion murder . Kopp also is wanted for questioning in at least two other shootings of doctors who performed abortions . The Canadian warrant issued Monday charged Kopp with attempted murder in the 1995 shooting of Dr. Hugh Short , who was wounded in the elbow but survived the attack at his home in Ancaster , Ontario . ` ` It allows us to spread his name far and wide across Canada and say that he is wanted for attempted murder , ' ' said police Inspector Dave Bowen . Kopp , who is from Vermont , was indicted last year in the October 1998 shooting death of Dr. Barnet Slepian , an obstetrician in Buffalo , New York . Slepian was killed by a single gunshot fired from a wooded area through a window of his home . Kopp purports to be a devout Roman Catholic , and the majority of jobs he has held over the past 20 years have been related to the anti - abortion movement , the U.S. Justice Department said last year . He has been arrested more than a dozen times during abortion protests in seven states and Italy . He  was the 456th person to be placed on the FBI 's most wanted list , which began in 1950 . Since then , 427 fugitives have been taken into custody or located , 133 of them as a result of citizen assistance , the FBI  said . A total of $ 650,000 is being offered in the United States for information leading to Kopp 's arrest . 	answer: positive
event: He was the 456th person to be placed on the FBI 's most wanted list , which began in 1950 starts after Since then , 427 fugitives have been taken into custody or located , 133 of them as a result of citizen assistance the FBI said story: HAMILTON ( AP ) -- Canadian authorities issued a nationwide arrest warrant Monday for James Charles Kopp , a U.S. fugitive on the FBI 's most wanted list for an alleged anti - abortion murder . Kopp also is wanted for questioning in at least two other shootings of doctors who performed abortions . The Canadian warrant issued Monday charged Kopp with attempted murder in the 1995 shooting of Dr. Hugh Short , who was wounded in the elbow but survived the attack at his home in Ancaster , Ontario . ` ` It allows us to spread his name far and wide across Canada and say that he is wanted for attempted murder , ' ' said police Inspector Dave Bowen . Kopp , who is from Vermont , was indicted last year in the October 1998 shooting death of Dr. Barnet Slepian , an obstetrician in Buffalo , New York . Slepian was killed by a single gunshot fired from a wooded area through a window of his home . Kopp purports to be a devout Roman Catholic , and the majority of jobs he has held over the past 20 years have been related to the anti - abortion movement , the U.S. Justice Department said last year . He has been arrested more than a dozen times during abortion protests in seven states and Italy . He  was the 456th person to be placed on the FBI 's most wanted list , which began in 1950 . Since then , 427 fugitives have been taken into custody or located , 133 of them as a result of citizen assistance , the FBI  said . A total of $ 650,000 is being offered in the United States for information leading to Kopp 's arrest . 	answer: negative
event: said the outbreak of holy war could bring thousands of Americans home in coffins starts after Bush commenting on the two - week gulf crisis from his vacation home in Maine said he saw little reason to be optimistic about a settlement of the dispute , which stems from Iraq 's invasion of oil - wealthy Kuwait and its subsequent military buildup on the border of Saudi Arabia story: Bush also said Thursday that King Hussein assured him Jordan would close the last remaining free port to most Iraqi trade as the economic embargo on materials to Iraq continued unabated . In addition to the estimated 45,000 Marines to ultimately be part of Operation Desert Shield , Stealth fighter planes and the aircraft carrier John F. Kennedy are also headed to Saudi Arabia to protect it from Iraqi expansionism . In Washington , Pentagon spokesman Pete Williams said Iraq has continued to increase its armed forces in Kuwait and they now number about 160,000 . Replied State Department deputy spokesman Richard Boucher , ` ` We have n't really analyzed the statement in detail In the largest U.S. military operation since Vietnam , an estimated 20,000 American GIs have already massed to defend Saudi Arabia . The U.S. Navy has 27 ships in the maritime barricade of Iraq . They are aided by Britain , West Germany , Australia , Canada , the Netherlands and Belgium . Bush was expected to authorize naval commanders to use ` ` the minimum force necessary ' ' to interdict shipments to and from Iraq , a U.S. official said . ` ` They do n't want to play with us , ' ' The combined operations are designed to isolate and strangle Iraq until it retreats from Kuwait . The economic chokehold appears to be working . The Lloyd 's List International newspaper , which monitors worldwide shipping , said Iraq 's fleet of 80 tankers and cargo ships has stopped regular trading . The minister denied the kingdom had notified notified any of its customers of any cutbacks in oil supply . The agency quoted witnesses as saying tanks and armored cars are patrolling the streets of Baghdad . 	answer: positive
event: said the outbreak of holy war could bring thousands of Americans home in coffins starts before Bush commenting on the two - week gulf crisis from his vacation home in Maine said he saw little reason to be optimistic about a settlement of the dispute , which stems from Iraq 's invasion of oil - wealthy Kuwait and its subsequent military buildup on the border of Saudi Arabia story: Bush also said Thursday that King Hussein assured him Jordan would close the last remaining free port to most Iraqi trade as the economic embargo on materials to Iraq continued unabated . In addition to the estimated 45,000 Marines to ultimately be part of Operation Desert Shield , Stealth fighter planes and the aircraft carrier John F. Kennedy are also headed to Saudi Arabia to protect it from Iraqi expansionism . In Washington , Pentagon spokesman Pete Williams said Iraq has continued to increase its armed forces in Kuwait and they now number about 160,000 . Replied State Department deputy spokesman Richard Boucher , ` ` We have n't really analyzed the statement in detail In the largest U.S. military operation since Vietnam , an estimated 20,000 American GIs have already massed to defend Saudi Arabia . The U.S. Navy has 27 ships in the maritime barricade of Iraq . They are aided by Britain , West Germany , Australia , Canada , the Netherlands and Belgium . Bush was expected to authorize naval commanders to use ` ` the minimum force necessary ' ' to interdict shipments to and from Iraq , a U.S. official said . ` ` They do n't want to play with us , ' ' The combined operations are designed to isolate and strangle Iraq until it retreats from Kuwait . The economic chokehold appears to be working . The Lloyd 's List International newspaper , which monitors worldwide shipping , said Iraq 's fleet of 80 tankers and cargo ships has stopped regular trading . The minister denied the kingdom had notified notified any of its customers of any cutbacks in oil supply . The agency quoted witnesses as saying tanks and armored cars are patrolling the streets of Baghdad . 	answer: negative
event: Sununu told Wednesday by Bush 's son , George , that he had alienated members of the Cabinet , the White House staff and the Republican political community , creating a situation that puts his effectiveness in significant doubt starts after he alienated members of the Cabinet , the White House staff and the Republican political community creating a situation that puts his effectiveness in significant doubt story: One of President Bush 's sons has informed White House Chief of Staff John Sununu that he has lost much of his support among Republicans , prompting an intense effort by Sununu to hold on to his job by demonstrating his GOP backing , White House and Republican sources said Monday . Sununu was  told Wednesday by Bush 's son , George , that he had  alienated members of the Cabinet , the White House staff and the Republican political community , creating a situation that puts his effectiveness in significant doubt , the sources said . Instead , Sununu sought to prove to the president that his supporters outnumber his critics and that he should remain in his post . One GOP source , reporting on a call from the chief of staff to a Republican leader , said Sununu lamented that " the noose is tightening around my neck , and I need your help . " Another highly placed source said the president 's son met with Sununu last week after holding a series of conversations about the structure of the White House staff and of the campaign with other Bush loyalists and GOP activists . The source said the younger Bush " sketched out for Sununu " problems the president is encountering because of the chief of staff 's tenure . " He was told ... the handwriting was on the wall , " the source said Monday . That , the source said , was when Sununu started calling congressional Republicans and asking them to tell Bush that the conservative wing of the party , in particular , would object if he were fired . Officials said the president himself met with Sununu Sunday . 	answer: positive
event: Sununu told Wednesday by Bush 's son , George , that he had alienated members of the Cabinet , the White House staff and the Republican political community , creating a situation that puts his effectiveness in significant doubt starts before he alienated members of the Cabinet , the White House staff and the Republican political community creating a situation that puts his effectiveness in significant doubt story: One of President Bush 's sons has informed White House Chief of Staff John Sununu that he has lost much of his support among Republicans , prompting an intense effort by Sununu to hold on to his job by demonstrating his GOP backing , White House and Republican sources said Monday . Sununu was  told Wednesday by Bush 's son , George , that he had  alienated members of the Cabinet , the White House staff and the Republican political community , creating a situation that puts his effectiveness in significant doubt , the sources said . Instead , Sununu sought to prove to the president that his supporters outnumber his critics and that he should remain in his post . One GOP source , reporting on a call from the chief of staff to a Republican leader , said Sununu lamented that " the noose is tightening around my neck , and I need your help . " Another highly placed source said the president 's son met with Sununu last week after holding a series of conversations about the structure of the White House staff and of the campaign with other Bush loyalists and GOP activists . The source said the younger Bush " sketched out for Sununu " problems the president is encountering because of the chief of staff 's tenure . " He was told ... the handwriting was on the wall , " the source said Monday . That , the source said , was when Sununu started calling congressional Republicans and asking them to tell Bush that the conservative wing of the party , in particular , would object if he were fired . Officials said the president himself met with Sununu Sunday . 	answer: negative
event: He spoken with Elian at least three times since he arrived in the United States on April 6 starts before He 's told me so Gonzalez said story: Elian 's relatives have cared for him since November , when he was found clinging to an inner tube in the Florida Straits . His mother and 10 other people fleeing Cuba drowned when their boat sank . The Justice Department wants the appeals court to suspend the temporary injunction issued Thursday and also order Elian 's great - uncle , Lazaro Gonzalez , to release the boy . The court watch comes after one of the most bitter charges yet in the custody battle . This is child abuse and mistreatment , what they 're doing to this boy , ' ' The way they 're abusing him , turning him against his father ... ' Gonzalez said he did n't believe a much - publicized video taped at the relatives ' home in which his son said he did n't want to go . He has  spoken with Elian at least three times since he arrived in the United States on April 6 , and he insisted his son wants to return to Cuba . ' ' The one that decides for him is me , his father . ' ' Protesters , however , dismissed Juan Miguel 's comments as either selfish or the words of Fidel Castro . ' ' Fidel Castro is claiming the son , not him , ' ' said Olga Coto , 56 , of Miami . ' Earlier Sunday , protesters prayed for divine help as Easter week began , waving palm fronds and posters of the Cuban boy and Jesus . But we will follow in the path that the Lord has shown us , despite those who want to get in our way . ' ' 	answer: positive
event: He spoken with Elian at least three times since he arrived in the United States on April 6 starts after He 's told me so Gonzalez said story: Elian 's relatives have cared for him since November , when he was found clinging to an inner tube in the Florida Straits . His mother and 10 other people fleeing Cuba drowned when their boat sank . The Justice Department wants the appeals court to suspend the temporary injunction issued Thursday and also order Elian 's great - uncle , Lazaro Gonzalez , to release the boy . The court watch comes after one of the most bitter charges yet in the custody battle . This is child abuse and mistreatment , what they 're doing to this boy , ' ' The way they 're abusing him , turning him against his father ... ' Gonzalez said he did n't believe a much - publicized video taped at the relatives ' home in which his son said he did n't want to go . He has  spoken with Elian at least three times since he arrived in the United States on April 6 , and he insisted his son wants to return to Cuba . ' ' The one that decides for him is me , his father . ' ' Protesters , however , dismissed Juan Miguel 's comments as either selfish or the words of Fidel Castro . ' ' Fidel Castro is claiming the son , not him , ' ' said Olga Coto , 56 , of Miami . ' Earlier Sunday , protesters prayed for divine help as Easter week began , waving palm fronds and posters of the Cuban boy and Jesus . But we will follow in the path that the Lord has shown us , despite those who want to get in our way . ' ' 	answer: negative
event: the blast which damaged the embassy starts before Bushnell continued with her duties throughout the subsequent search and rescue at the blast scene , memorials for those slain , and the relocation to a temporary embassy story: NAIROBI , Kenya ( AP ) _ U.S. Ambassador Prudence Bushnell wrapped up some unfinished business on Wednesday , meeting with Kenya 's trade minister to finish talks that were interrupted by the car bombing of the embassy . On Aug. 7 , Bushnell , Trade Minister Joseph Kimotho and others had just ended a news conference in a building adjacent to the embassy . They were talking when the bomb went off , killing 247 people and wounding more than 5,000 others . On Wednesday , Bushnell and Kimotho met again to finish their discussion , Bushnell told Kenya Television . The ambassador was cut on her lip and hands in the blast , which  damaged the embassy , shattered the glass shell of the 22-story Cooperative Bank House and toppled the six - story Ufundi House . Bushnell  continued with her duties throughout the subsequent search and rescue at the blast scene , memorials for those slain , and the relocation to a temporary embassy . Kimotho , who was hospitalized with a head wound , said he and Bushnell had been talking about the slated visit of U.S. Commerce Secretary William Daley in September . His trip is still on , the embassy said . The blast in Nairobi occurred at almost exactly the same moment as an explosion ripped through the American Embassy in Tanzania 's commercial capital Dar es Salaam . The death toll in the Tanzania blast , initially 10 , has risen to 12 , hospital officials and family members said Wednesday . That brought the toll for both bombings to 259 . 	answer: positive
event: the blast which damaged the embassy starts after Bushnell continued with her duties throughout the subsequent search and rescue at the blast scene , memorials for those slain , and the relocation to a temporary embassy story: NAIROBI , Kenya ( AP ) _ U.S. Ambassador Prudence Bushnell wrapped up some unfinished business on Wednesday , meeting with Kenya 's trade minister to finish talks that were interrupted by the car bombing of the embassy . On Aug. 7 , Bushnell , Trade Minister Joseph Kimotho and others had just ended a news conference in a building adjacent to the embassy . They were talking when the bomb went off , killing 247 people and wounding more than 5,000 others . On Wednesday , Bushnell and Kimotho met again to finish their discussion , Bushnell told Kenya Television . The ambassador was cut on her lip and hands in the blast , which  damaged the embassy , shattered the glass shell of the 22-story Cooperative Bank House and toppled the six - story Ufundi House . Bushnell  continued with her duties throughout the subsequent search and rescue at the blast scene , memorials for those slain , and the relocation to a temporary embassy . Kimotho , who was hospitalized with a head wound , said he and Bushnell had been talking about the slated visit of U.S. Commerce Secretary William Daley in September . His trip is still on , the embassy said . The blast in Nairobi occurred at almost exactly the same moment as an explosion ripped through the American Embassy in Tanzania 's commercial capital Dar es Salaam . The death toll in the Tanzania blast , initially 10 , has risen to 12 , hospital officials and family members said Wednesday . That brought the toll for both bombings to 259 . 	answer: negative
event: Goldstein , who said it was ` ` thoroughly , thoroughly possible ' ' that the issue would surface in Spitzer 's advertisements , noting that the attorney general has direct impact on the issue of clinic access starts after Spitzer sunk to a new and despicable low by attempting to capitalize on the murder of a physician in order to garner votes story: In the race for attorney general , the Democratic candidate , Eliot Spitzer , who favors abortion rights , has moved quickly to make the anti - abortion position of his opponent , Attorney General Dennis Vacco , a central issue in the campaign . Slepian was shot in the back on Friday night as he stood in his kitchen . In a New York Times / CBS News poll completed on Saturday , 69 percent of those polled said they did not know D'Amato 's position on abortion , and only 19 percent knew that he opposed abortion rights . The measure made it a Federal crime to attack or blockade an abortion clinic . Now , Ms. Conlin said , it will have new resonance , and the organization is considering buying more air time . ` ` It 's incredibly sincere and powerful and it would have been regardless , ' ' she said . ` ` But sensitivities are so heightened from the shooting in western New York that it 's even more powerful . ' ' It brings it home . ' ' D'Amato 's aides would not comment about the political ramifications of the slaying , and Schumer 's aides would not talk about whether they planned to refer to it in any advertisements , or whether the candidate planned to use it on the campaign trail . Steven Goldstein , the campaign spokesman for Spitzer , was less reticent . Goldstein said . It was the same clinic where Slepian worked . A federal judge removed Vacco , then the U.S. attorney for western New York , from the case . 	answer: positive
event: Goldstein , who said it was ` ` thoroughly , thoroughly possible ' ' that the issue would surface in Spitzer 's advertisements , noting that the attorney general has direct impact on the issue of clinic access starts before Spitzer sunk to a new and despicable low by attempting to capitalize on the murder of a physician in order to garner votes story: In the race for attorney general , the Democratic candidate , Eliot Spitzer , who favors abortion rights , has moved quickly to make the anti - abortion position of his opponent , Attorney General Dennis Vacco , a central issue in the campaign . Slepian was shot in the back on Friday night as he stood in his kitchen . In a New York Times / CBS News poll completed on Saturday , 69 percent of those polled said they did not know D'Amato 's position on abortion , and only 19 percent knew that he opposed abortion rights . The measure made it a Federal crime to attack or blockade an abortion clinic . Now , Ms. Conlin said , it will have new resonance , and the organization is considering buying more air time . ` ` It 's incredibly sincere and powerful and it would have been regardless , ' ' she said . ` ` But sensitivities are so heightened from the shooting in western New York that it 's even more powerful . ' ' It brings it home . ' ' D'Amato 's aides would not comment about the political ramifications of the slaying , and Schumer 's aides would not talk about whether they planned to refer to it in any advertisements , or whether the candidate planned to use it on the campaign trail . Steven Goldstein , the campaign spokesman for Spitzer , was less reticent . Goldstein said . It was the same clinic where Slepian worked . A federal judge removed Vacco , then the U.S. attorney for western New York , from the case . 	answer: negative
event: investigators compile evidence in the two bomb blasts so as to reach any conclusion starts before he said story: -- Director of the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) " I can not detail or characterize the type of evidence we have gathered in Nairobi . He said he can not confirm there is any evidence linking the bomb blasts at the U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania to the Saudi millionaire and the allegedly main sponsor of anti - U.S. terrorism , Osama Bin Laden , who now lives in Afghanistan . " Freeh flew to Washington immediately after the press conference . However , Freeh said although the bombing investigators from the FBI , Kenya and Tanzania have been working very hard and made " very good progress " on the case , so far no conclusion or decision can be made at this stage . After touring Tanzanian capital Dar es Salaam Thursday and meeting with Kenyan police leaders Friday morning , the FBI chief also said that he is very satisfied with the close and effective cooperation among the FBI agents and the police in Kenya and Tanzania . The man who hurled a grenade at security guards at the U.S. embassy here seconds before the bomb exploded was positively identified Thursday as two more suspects -- one Arab , one Sudanese -- who had been arrested , Kenya 's national newspapers reported Friday . Local sources said that the plan of bombing U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania took three months to complete and bombers destined for Kenya were dispatched through Somalia and Rwanda . A senior government official who saw the confessions of suspects was quoted Friday by local media as saying that an Egyptian Islamic Jihad group , linked with Laden , planned the attacks . 	answer: positive
event: investigators compile evidence in the two bomb blasts so as to reach any conclusion starts after he said story: -- Director of the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) " I can not detail or characterize the type of evidence we have gathered in Nairobi . He said he can not confirm there is any evidence linking the bomb blasts at the U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania to the Saudi millionaire and the allegedly main sponsor of anti - U.S. terrorism , Osama Bin Laden , who now lives in Afghanistan . " Freeh flew to Washington immediately after the press conference . However , Freeh said although the bombing investigators from the FBI , Kenya and Tanzania have been working very hard and made " very good progress " on the case , so far no conclusion or decision can be made at this stage . After touring Tanzanian capital Dar es Salaam Thursday and meeting with Kenyan police leaders Friday morning , the FBI chief also said that he is very satisfied with the close and effective cooperation among the FBI agents and the police in Kenya and Tanzania . The man who hurled a grenade at security guards at the U.S. embassy here seconds before the bomb exploded was positively identified Thursday as two more suspects -- one Arab , one Sudanese -- who had been arrested , Kenya 's national newspapers reported Friday . Local sources said that the plan of bombing U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania took three months to complete and bombers destined for Kenya were dispatched through Somalia and Rwanda . A senior government official who saw the confessions of suspects was quoted Friday by local media as saying that an Egyptian Islamic Jihad group , linked with Laden , planned the attacks . 	answer: negative
event: asked Abdul Latif Shekar , a customs officer in Egypt , a country starts after participating in the attack on Iraqi troops story: But it has offended some , especially in Arab countries , who now believe that Mr. Bush 's real objectives are the demise of Saddam Hussein and the destruction of the Iraqi military , not just the liberation of Kuwait . In a pre - attack message , Lt . Gen. Walter Boomer , the top Marine in the Persian Gulf , told U.S. Marines that their goal is to " restore { Kuwait } to its citizens . " Fight them , " he urged Iraqis in a radio address . " American war planners have long assumed that the early stage of the ground attack , in which American forces would use their speed to sweep around Iraqi defenses and their strength to punch through the relatively weak Iraqi front line , would be the easiest part . He argued setting an explicit deadline for Saddam Hussein to break would , when it was broken , give the U.S. military a clear green light to proceed . It expects that tens of thousands of Iraqi soldiers will surrender to the U.S. and its allies over the next few days . The American hope is that someone from within Iraq , perhaps from the army 's professional ranks , will step forward and push Saddam Hussein aside so that the country can begin recovering from the disaster . I think frankly Saddam is finished , no matter what happens , " says Christine Helms , a Middle East scholar who has written extensively about Iraq . If that 's true , the narrowing of his support would make it easier for someone to push him aside from within . For me , it is a great tragedy . 	answer: positive
event: asked Abdul Latif Shekar , a customs officer in Egypt , a country starts before participating in the attack on Iraqi troops story: But it has offended some , especially in Arab countries , who now believe that Mr. Bush 's real objectives are the demise of Saddam Hussein and the destruction of the Iraqi military , not just the liberation of Kuwait . In a pre - attack message , Lt . Gen. Walter Boomer , the top Marine in the Persian Gulf , told U.S. Marines that their goal is to " restore { Kuwait } to its citizens . " Fight them , " he urged Iraqis in a radio address . " American war planners have long assumed that the early stage of the ground attack , in which American forces would use their speed to sweep around Iraqi defenses and their strength to punch through the relatively weak Iraqi front line , would be the easiest part . He argued setting an explicit deadline for Saddam Hussein to break would , when it was broken , give the U.S. military a clear green light to proceed . It expects that tens of thousands of Iraqi soldiers will surrender to the U.S. and its allies over the next few days . The American hope is that someone from within Iraq , perhaps from the army 's professional ranks , will step forward and push Saddam Hussein aside so that the country can begin recovering from the disaster . I think frankly Saddam is finished , no matter what happens , " says Christine Helms , a Middle East scholar who has written extensively about Iraq . If that 's true , the narrowing of his support would make it easier for someone to push him aside from within . For me , it is a great tragedy . 	answer: negative
event: bulletin indicated possible links between the two men and James Charles Kopp , an abortion opponent who is being sought as a material witness in the case starts before Amherst police officials comment story: The FBI has interviewed and released one of two men who were sought last week for questioning in connection with the sniper slaying of a doctor in the Buffalo , N.Y. , area who performed abortions . ` ` We are doing dozens if not hundreds of interviews a day , ' ' said Paul Moskal , a spokesman for the FBI office in Buffalo . ` ` I know of no information that would treat these two differently or would put them in any other category from the hundreds of leads we 're investigating on a daily basis . ' ' Moskal said one of the two men _ In its Friday issue , The Hamilton ( Ontario ) Spectator quoted an officer in the Amherst , N.Y. , Police Department as saying that the FBI . Amherst police officials declined to  comment Saturday . He was one of three doctors who performed abortions in the Buffalo area . Moskal said the two men apparently showed up at Slepian 's house the day after his death . They were trying to attend a prayer vigil for Slepian but had been sent to his house by mistake , and a police officer on duty took their names , Moskal said . ` ` They were being sought for interviews just because they were literally in the area after the homicide , ' ' he said . FBI officials said they were not certain whether Stauber or Gingrich had been involved in antiabortion activities . The two men are believed to live in the Cleveland area . Moskal emphasized that no one has been named as a suspect in Slepian 's death . 	answer: positive
event: bulletin indicated possible links between the two men and James Charles Kopp , an abortion opponent who is being sought as a material witness in the case starts after Amherst police officials comment story: The FBI has interviewed and released one of two men who were sought last week for questioning in connection with the sniper slaying of a doctor in the Buffalo , N.Y. , area who performed abortions . ` ` We are doing dozens if not hundreds of interviews a day , ' ' said Paul Moskal , a spokesman for the FBI office in Buffalo . ` ` I know of no information that would treat these two differently or would put them in any other category from the hundreds of leads we 're investigating on a daily basis . ' ' Moskal said one of the two men _ In its Friday issue , The Hamilton ( Ontario ) Spectator quoted an officer in the Amherst , N.Y. , Police Department as saying that the FBI . Amherst police officials declined to  comment Saturday . He was one of three doctors who performed abortions in the Buffalo area . Moskal said the two men apparently showed up at Slepian 's house the day after his death . They were trying to attend a prayer vigil for Slepian but had been sent to his house by mistake , and a police officer on duty took their names , Moskal said . ` ` They were being sought for interviews just because they were literally in the area after the homicide , ' ' he said . FBI officials said they were not certain whether Stauber or Gingrich had been involved in antiabortion activities . The two men are believed to live in the Cleveland area . Moskal emphasized that no one has been named as a suspect in Slepian 's death . 	answer: negative
event: Iraq destroyed its long - range missiles and weapons of mass destruction starts before Ritter who arrived Thursday with some 50 inspectors for a tour likely to last over a week story: An American leader of a U.N. weapons inspection team resumed work in Iraq Friday , nearly two months after his team was effectively blocked . Scott Ritter led his team on a 10-hour tour of three suspected weapons sites classified as ` ` sensitive ' ' by the Iraqi authorities , U.N. spokesman Alan Dacey said . Then the Baghdad government stopped providing Ritter 's team with escorts , making it impossible for him to enter any site . 225 _ which Ritter heads _ made surprise visits to a number of sites and was assisted by aerial surveillance . Five other U.N. inspection teams visited a total of nine other sites , the agency reported . Ritter 's return is seen as something of a test of that agreement , under which Iraq agreed to give inspectors full access to eight of Saddam Hussein 's presidential palaces . Iraq had argued the presidential sites should be off limits as symbols of sovereignty . A Pentagon spokesman said Thursday that the 38,000 U.S. troops in the Gulf will remain until Iraq complies with the U.N. Security Council agreement over weapons inspections . The U.N.-Iraq accord was worked out by U.N. Secretary - General Kofi Annan , who appointed a retired Indian diplomat on Thursday as his special representative to Iraq . Prakash Shah , 58 , a former Indian ambassador to the United Nations , is part of an effort by Annan to expand contacts with the Iraqi leadership . Palace inspections are not expected to start until the new agreement 's procedures are in place . U.N. officials in New York on Friday finished drafting the rules , in consultation with Iraqi diplomats . 	answer: positive
event: Iraq destroyed its long - range missiles and weapons of mass destruction starts after Ritter who arrived Thursday with some 50 inspectors for a tour likely to last over a week story: An American leader of a U.N. weapons inspection team resumed work in Iraq Friday , nearly two months after his team was effectively blocked . Scott Ritter led his team on a 10-hour tour of three suspected weapons sites classified as ` ` sensitive ' ' by the Iraqi authorities , U.N. spokesman Alan Dacey said . Then the Baghdad government stopped providing Ritter 's team with escorts , making it impossible for him to enter any site . 225 _ which Ritter heads _ made surprise visits to a number of sites and was assisted by aerial surveillance . Five other U.N. inspection teams visited a total of nine other sites , the agency reported . Ritter 's return is seen as something of a test of that agreement , under which Iraq agreed to give inspectors full access to eight of Saddam Hussein 's presidential palaces . Iraq had argued the presidential sites should be off limits as symbols of sovereignty . A Pentagon spokesman said Thursday that the 38,000 U.S. troops in the Gulf will remain until Iraq complies with the U.N. Security Council agreement over weapons inspections . The U.N.-Iraq accord was worked out by U.N. Secretary - General Kofi Annan , who appointed a retired Indian diplomat on Thursday as his special representative to Iraq . Prakash Shah , 58 , a former Indian ambassador to the United Nations , is part of an effort by Annan to expand contacts with the Iraqi leadership . Palace inspections are not expected to start until the new agreement 's procedures are in place . U.N. officials in New York on Friday finished drafting the rules , in consultation with Iraqi diplomats . 	answer: negative
event: the appellate panel released its decision starts before But Reno said the request to Kennedy serves no purpose since the injunction blocking Elian 's return to Cuba still applies story: Attorney Kendall Coffey said his clients were giving an appeal to the Supreme Court ` ` serious consideration . ' The Miami relatives could also request a rehearing before the same three - judge panel that issued Thursday 's ruling , or before the entire 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeal . The ruling follows six months of international family infighting , political recriminations and wide - spread protests in both Miami and Cuba over the fate of the 6-year - old boy . But the Immigration and Naturalization Service 's decision to deny Elian an asylum hearing was ` ` within the outside border of reasonable choices , ' ' the opinion read . ` ` We will keep fighting with the laws ... so Elian Gonzalez can live in a free country like his mother wanted , ' ' Lazaro Gonzalez said . Elian 's mother and 10 others died , but the boy survived by clinging to an inner tube . The Miami relatives applied for political asylum on Elian 's behalf , saying the child did not want to return to Cuba . A district court judge upheld the federal agency . The family refused , and federal agents took the child by force in a pre - dawn raid on the Miami relatives ' home on April 22 . The father and his son lived for a month on a large , private estate in Maryland , but have recently moved to an affluent neighborhood in Washington , D.C. , to wait out the rest of their time in the United States . But Reno  said the request to Kennedy serves no purpose since the injunction blocking Elian 's return to Cuba still applies . Basulto said . 	answer: positive
event: the appellate panel released its decision starts after But Reno said the request to Kennedy serves no purpose since the injunction blocking Elian 's return to Cuba still applies story: Attorney Kendall Coffey said his clients were giving an appeal to the Supreme Court ` ` serious consideration . ' The Miami relatives could also request a rehearing before the same three - judge panel that issued Thursday 's ruling , or before the entire 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeal . The ruling follows six months of international family infighting , political recriminations and wide - spread protests in both Miami and Cuba over the fate of the 6-year - old boy . But the Immigration and Naturalization Service 's decision to deny Elian an asylum hearing was ` ` within the outside border of reasonable choices , ' ' the opinion read . ` ` We will keep fighting with the laws ... so Elian Gonzalez can live in a free country like his mother wanted , ' ' Lazaro Gonzalez said . Elian 's mother and 10 others died , but the boy survived by clinging to an inner tube . The Miami relatives applied for political asylum on Elian 's behalf , saying the child did not want to return to Cuba . A district court judge upheld the federal agency . The family refused , and federal agents took the child by force in a pre - dawn raid on the Miami relatives ' home on April 22 . The father and his son lived for a month on a large , private estate in Maryland , but have recently moved to an affluent neighborhood in Washington , D.C. , to wait out the rest of their time in the United States . But Reno  said the request to Kennedy serves no purpose since the injunction blocking Elian 's return to Cuba still applies . Basulto said . 	answer: negative
event: the help that your governments provided by sharing information and tightening security at our embassies in recent days starts after you tightening security at our embassies in recent days story: WASHINGTON , August 11 ( Xinhua ) -- U.S. Secretary of State Madeleine Albright said on Tuesday that she was heartened by cooperation from Kenya and Tanzania in probing into last Friday 's bombings of U.S. embassies . " " The bombings at U.S embassies in Kenya and Tanzania have killed more than 200 people , including 12 Americans , and wounded over 5,000 . The United States has dispatched FBI agents to Africa to investigate the bombings but there was no word in Washington on Tuesday of any significant leads so far . Tanzanian police said on Tuesday they had arrested 14 foreigners in their search for bombers . The 14 foreigners , six Iraqis , six Sudanese , a Somali national and a Turk , were rounded up because they failed to explain their presence in the country satisfactorily . Albright announced on Monday to offer a reward of up to 2 million U.S. dollars for information leading to the arrest and conviction of the bombers . She told African envoys that she looked forward to visiting Kenya and Tanzania but would wait until she could do so without placing undue burdens on the heavily stretched U.S. embassies there . She also said the bombings would not prevent the United States from building " a strong new relationship with a new Africa . " Egyptian Ambassador Ahmed Maher el - Sayed , on behalf of the African envoys , condemned the " cowardly , criminal and tragic " bombings . " " Americans and Africans need to strengthen their cooperation in this universal battle " against terrorism . 	answer: positive
event: the help that your governments provided by sharing information and tightening security at our embassies in recent days starts before you tightening security at our embassies in recent days story: WASHINGTON , August 11 ( Xinhua ) -- U.S. Secretary of State Madeleine Albright said on Tuesday that she was heartened by cooperation from Kenya and Tanzania in probing into last Friday 's bombings of U.S. embassies . " " The bombings at U.S embassies in Kenya and Tanzania have killed more than 200 people , including 12 Americans , and wounded over 5,000 . The United States has dispatched FBI agents to Africa to investigate the bombings but there was no word in Washington on Tuesday of any significant leads so far . Tanzanian police said on Tuesday they had arrested 14 foreigners in their search for bombers . The 14 foreigners , six Iraqis , six Sudanese , a Somali national and a Turk , were rounded up because they failed to explain their presence in the country satisfactorily . Albright announced on Monday to offer a reward of up to 2 million U.S. dollars for information leading to the arrest and conviction of the bombers . She told African envoys that she looked forward to visiting Kenya and Tanzania but would wait until she could do so without placing undue burdens on the heavily stretched U.S. embassies there . She also said the bombings would not prevent the United States from building " a strong new relationship with a new Africa . " Egyptian Ambassador Ahmed Maher el - Sayed , on behalf of the African envoys , condemned the " cowardly , criminal and tragic " bombings . " " Americans and Africans need to strengthen their cooperation in this universal battle " against terrorism . 	answer: negative
event: Eastern Airlines which shares the Atlanta hub starts before Although Eastern is back to about 80 % of its pre - strike schedule now the Texas Air Corp. subsidiary only beginning to get back on its feet during the quarter story: Delta Air Lines earnings soared 33 % to a record in the fiscal first quarter , bucking the industry trend toward declining profits . The Atlanta - based airline , the third largest in the U.S. , attributed the increase to higher passenger traffic , new international routes and reduced service by rival Eastern Airlines , which is in bankruptcy proceedings in the wake of a strike that began last spring . For the quarter ended Sept. 30 , Delta posted net income of $ 133.1 million , or $ 2.53 a share , up from $ 100 million , or $ 2.03 a share , a year earlier . " The key to Delta 's record earnings continued to be excellent passenger revenue growth , " said Thomas Roeck , chief financial officer . Delta has benefited more than other carriers from the weakness of Eastern Airlines , which  shares the Atlanta hub . Although Eastern is back to about 80 % of its pre - strike schedule now , the Texas Air Corp. subsidiary was only  beginning to get back on its feet during the quarter . Separately , America West Airlines , Phoenix , Ariz. , reported third - quarter profit jumped 45 % to $ 5.8 million , or 28 cents a share , from $ 4 million , or 24 cents a share , a year earlier . " America West would n't identify the entity , but said the payment was for the foreign company 's use of certain tax benefits in connection with America West plane purchases . Revenue rose 21 % to $ 243.4 million from $ 201.2 million . Revenue rose 27 % to $ 715.1 million from $ 563.8 million . 	answer: positive
event: Eastern Airlines which shares the Atlanta hub starts after Although Eastern is back to about 80 % of its pre - strike schedule now the Texas Air Corp. subsidiary only beginning to get back on its feet during the quarter story: Delta Air Lines earnings soared 33 % to a record in the fiscal first quarter , bucking the industry trend toward declining profits . The Atlanta - based airline , the third largest in the U.S. , attributed the increase to higher passenger traffic , new international routes and reduced service by rival Eastern Airlines , which is in bankruptcy proceedings in the wake of a strike that began last spring . For the quarter ended Sept. 30 , Delta posted net income of $ 133.1 million , or $ 2.53 a share , up from $ 100 million , or $ 2.03 a share , a year earlier . " The key to Delta 's record earnings continued to be excellent passenger revenue growth , " said Thomas Roeck , chief financial officer . Delta has benefited more than other carriers from the weakness of Eastern Airlines , which  shares the Atlanta hub . Although Eastern is back to about 80 % of its pre - strike schedule now , the Texas Air Corp. subsidiary was only  beginning to get back on its feet during the quarter . Separately , America West Airlines , Phoenix , Ariz. , reported third - quarter profit jumped 45 % to $ 5.8 million , or 28 cents a share , from $ 4 million , or 24 cents a share , a year earlier . " America West would n't identify the entity , but said the payment was for the foreign company 's use of certain tax benefits in connection with America West plane purchases . Revenue rose 21 % to $ 243.4 million from $ 201.2 million . Revenue rose 27 % to $ 715.1 million from $ 563.8 million . 	answer: negative
event: The year - ago results restated to comply with government regulations starts before The restructuring program designed to increase the company 's tangible capital ratio story: Coast Savings Financial Inc. reported a third - quarter loss , citing a previously announced capital restructuring program . The Los Angeles thrift holding company said it had a loss of $ 92.2 million , or $ 6.98 a share , for the quarter ended Sept. 30 . Coast earned $ 10.2 million , or 67 cents a share , in the year - ago quarter . The year - ago results have been  restated to comply with government regulations . The restructuring program is  designed to increase the company 's tangible capital ratio . It includes removing $ 242 million in good will from the books , issuing $ 150 million in preferred stock and commencing an exchange offer for $ 52 million in convertible bonds . During the third quarter , the company charged about $ 46 million against earnings in reducing goodwill , added $ 20 million to its general loan loss reserves and established a $ 30 million reserve for its high - yield bond portfolio . The company said its junk - bond portfolio after these moves had been reduced to less than 1 % of assets . 	answer: positive
event: The year - ago results restated to comply with government regulations starts after The restructuring program designed to increase the company 's tangible capital ratio story: Coast Savings Financial Inc. reported a third - quarter loss , citing a previously announced capital restructuring program . The Los Angeles thrift holding company said it had a loss of $ 92.2 million , or $ 6.98 a share , for the quarter ended Sept. 30 . Coast earned $ 10.2 million , or 67 cents a share , in the year - ago quarter . The year - ago results have been  restated to comply with government regulations . The restructuring program is  designed to increase the company 's tangible capital ratio . It includes removing $ 242 million in good will from the books , issuing $ 150 million in preferred stock and commencing an exchange offer for $ 52 million in convertible bonds . During the third quarter , the company charged about $ 46 million against earnings in reducing goodwill , added $ 20 million to its general loan loss reserves and established a $ 30 million reserve for its high - yield bond portfolio . The company said its junk - bond portfolio after these moves had been reduced to less than 1 % of assets . 	answer: negative
event: Reno denied the request starts before asking for custody of Elian so that he could help reunite the boy with his father in Cuba story: MIAMI _ ` ` I am supporting Juan Miguel because I know what it is to lose a son . His sincerity did n't stop the talk on Little Havana 's streets or on Miami 's ubiquitous Spanish - language radio stations , which buzzed with callers lambasting Gonzalez for playing into the hands of a tyrant . A day after he was hounded on the steps of the federal courthouse , Manuel Gonzalez would n't come to the door of his modest home in Miami 's Little Havana . ` ` He must go to work , ' ' said his daughter , Rosa , who said Gonzalez would prefer not to talk about the issue . After weeks of high - profile public sparring _ with charges of abuse , spying and treachery flying back and forth across the Florida Straits _ it would seem the chances are slim that the Gonzalez family could ever heal the wounds created by the Elian saga . Long before Elian thrust them into the unrelenting glare of the international spotlight , the Gonzalez clan was a typical example of the conflicts and painful separations wrought by the Cuban revolution . Her brother Delfin , who was imprisoned as an anti - Castro activist in the 1960s , followed in 1979 . The situation began to relax in the early 1990s , with the crisis triggered by the end of the former Soviet Union 's subsidies . His lawyer , however , insists he will continue to stand up for what he thinks is right . ` ` He 's a strong man , ' ' said Jeffrey Leving . ` ` But the scars will always be there . ' 	answer: positive
event: Reno denied the request starts after asking for custody of Elian so that he could help reunite the boy with his father in Cuba story: MIAMI _ ` ` I am supporting Juan Miguel because I know what it is to lose a son . His sincerity did n't stop the talk on Little Havana 's streets or on Miami 's ubiquitous Spanish - language radio stations , which buzzed with callers lambasting Gonzalez for playing into the hands of a tyrant . A day after he was hounded on the steps of the federal courthouse , Manuel Gonzalez would n't come to the door of his modest home in Miami 's Little Havana . ` ` He must go to work , ' ' said his daughter , Rosa , who said Gonzalez would prefer not to talk about the issue . After weeks of high - profile public sparring _ with charges of abuse , spying and treachery flying back and forth across the Florida Straits _ it would seem the chances are slim that the Gonzalez family could ever heal the wounds created by the Elian saga . Long before Elian thrust them into the unrelenting glare of the international spotlight , the Gonzalez clan was a typical example of the conflicts and painful separations wrought by the Cuban revolution . Her brother Delfin , who was imprisoned as an anti - Castro activist in the 1960s , followed in 1979 . The situation began to relax in the early 1990s , with the crisis triggered by the end of the former Soviet Union 's subsidies . His lawyer , however , insists he will continue to stand up for what he thinks is right . ` ` He 's a strong man , ' ' said Jeffrey Leving . ` ` But the scars will always be there . ' 	answer: negative
event: it will offer 1,850 francs ( $ 296.95 ) each for Navigation Mixte shares that enjoy full dividend rights , and 1,800 francs each July 1 , which will receive only partial dividends this year starts after Navigation Mixte shares that enjoy full dividend rights story: But sources said he will be urging his allies to boost their stakes in Navigation Mixte , which is being traded in London and is to resume trading in Paris Tuesday . Mr. Fournier said Navigation Mixte 's 1989 unconsolidated , or parent - company , profit is likely to be 4.7 billion francs ( $ 754.4 million ) , up from 633.8 million francs last year . That is due mostly to payments from Allianz for most of the 50 % stake it has agreed to acquire in Navigation Mixte 's insurance business . Mr. Fournier said the exceptional gain would mean nearly twice as high a dividend this year as last . Mr. de Cholet said Mr. Fournier 's biggest hope was to somehow persuade regulatory authorities to block the bid . Paribas still needs the go - ahead from the Commission des Operations de Bourse , a government regulatory agency , but analysts said that is considered likely . Mr. Fournier also noted that Navigation Mixte joined Paribas 's core of shareholders when Paribas was denationalized in 1987 , and said it now holds just under 5 % of Paribas 's shares . Once he realized that Paribas 's intentions were n't friendly , he said , but before the bid was launched , he sought approval to boost his Paribas stake above 10 % . One big question now is the likely role of Mr. Fournier 's allies . Mr. Fournier said the large institutions that hold nearly 50 % of Navigation Mixte 's capital all strongly support him , but some analysts said they are n't so sure . The purchase of the additional 48 % stake is expected to cost more than 11 billion francs ( $ 1.77 billion ) . 	answer: positive
event: it will offer 1,850 francs ( $ 296.95 ) each for Navigation Mixte shares that enjoy full dividend rights , and 1,800 francs each July 1 , which will receive only partial dividends this year starts before Navigation Mixte shares that enjoy full dividend rights story: But sources said he will be urging his allies to boost their stakes in Navigation Mixte , which is being traded in London and is to resume trading in Paris Tuesday . Mr. Fournier said Navigation Mixte 's 1989 unconsolidated , or parent - company , profit is likely to be 4.7 billion francs ( $ 754.4 million ) , up from 633.8 million francs last year . That is due mostly to payments from Allianz for most of the 50 % stake it has agreed to acquire in Navigation Mixte 's insurance business . Mr. Fournier said the exceptional gain would mean nearly twice as high a dividend this year as last . Mr. de Cholet said Mr. Fournier 's biggest hope was to somehow persuade regulatory authorities to block the bid . Paribas still needs the go - ahead from the Commission des Operations de Bourse , a government regulatory agency , but analysts said that is considered likely . Mr. Fournier also noted that Navigation Mixte joined Paribas 's core of shareholders when Paribas was denationalized in 1987 , and said it now holds just under 5 % of Paribas 's shares . Once he realized that Paribas 's intentions were n't friendly , he said , but before the bid was launched , he sought approval to boost his Paribas stake above 10 % . One big question now is the likely role of Mr. Fournier 's allies . Mr. Fournier said the large institutions that hold nearly 50 % of Navigation Mixte 's capital all strongly support him , but some analysts said they are n't so sure . The purchase of the additional 48 % stake is expected to cost more than 11 billion francs ( $ 1.77 billion ) . 	answer: negative
event: He said Cuba has not prohibited Gonzalez from going to Miami to retrieve Elian starts before ` We have gotten the same message from U.S. officials -- in private -- several times that it is not advisable for this man to appear in U.S. territory said Alarcon story: HAVANA ( AP ) -- The protest marked a return to the larger demonstrations of early December , when hundreds of thousands of people rallied in some of Cuba 's biggest gatherings since the triumph of the revolution that brought President Castro to power 41 years ago . Elian , the boy at the center of the international dispute , was found clinging to an inner tube Nov. 25 off the coast of Florida after his mother , stepfather and others died in a failed attempt to reach U.S. shores . Alarcon , former Cuban ambassador to the United Nations , dismissed suggestions by some U.S. politicians and Elian 's relatives in Miami that Elian 's father travel from Cardenas , Cuba , to Miami to pick up the boy . The concern in Cuba always has been that if Gonzalez goes he will immediately become involved in political and legal problems that will prevent his speedy return . ` ` I would go there just for one minute to get him . Since his sea rescue , Elian has been increasingly referred to in Cuba as ` ` our son , ' ' a boy hero symbolizing the government 's decades - long ideological battle with Cuban exiles in Miami . Reno allowed the extension of the deadline after rejecting a Florida state court order that Elian remain in Miami until March 6 to hear arguments by his American relatives . He and others who oppose the boy 's return to Cuba say that Elian 's mother died to give the boy freedom in the United States . 	answer: positive
event: He said Cuba has not prohibited Gonzalez from going to Miami to retrieve Elian starts after ` We have gotten the same message from U.S. officials -- in private -- several times that it is not advisable for this man to appear in U.S. territory said Alarcon story: HAVANA ( AP ) -- The protest marked a return to the larger demonstrations of early December , when hundreds of thousands of people rallied in some of Cuba 's biggest gatherings since the triumph of the revolution that brought President Castro to power 41 years ago . Elian , the boy at the center of the international dispute , was found clinging to an inner tube Nov. 25 off the coast of Florida after his mother , stepfather and others died in a failed attempt to reach U.S. shores . Alarcon , former Cuban ambassador to the United Nations , dismissed suggestions by some U.S. politicians and Elian 's relatives in Miami that Elian 's father travel from Cardenas , Cuba , to Miami to pick up the boy . The concern in Cuba always has been that if Gonzalez goes he will immediately become involved in political and legal problems that will prevent his speedy return . ` ` I would go there just for one minute to get him . Since his sea rescue , Elian has been increasingly referred to in Cuba as ` ` our son , ' ' a boy hero symbolizing the government 's decades - long ideological battle with Cuban exiles in Miami . Reno allowed the extension of the deadline after rejecting a Florida state court order that Elian remain in Miami until March 6 to hear arguments by his American relatives . He and others who oppose the boy 's return to Cuba say that Elian 's mother died to give the boy freedom in the United States . 	answer: negative
event: said it plans to aggressively discount its major beer brands , setting the stage for a potentially bruising price war as the maturing industry 's growth continues to slow starts after it plans to aggressively discount its major beer brands setting the stage for a potentially bruising price war as the maturing industry 's growth continues to slow story:  said it  plans to aggressively discount its major beer brands , setting the stage for a potentially bruising price war as the maturing industry 's growth continues to slow . The St. Louis company said major rivals , Philip Morris Co. 's Miller Brewing unit and Third - period sales were $ 2.49 billion , up from last year 's $ 2.34 billion . The projection sent Anheuser shares plunging $ 4.375 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday . The stock closed at $ 38.50 on heavy volume of about 3.5 million shares . " We can not permit a further slowing in our volume trend , " Anheuser said , adding it will take " appropriate competitive pricing actions to support our long - term market share growth strategy " for the premium brands . " Harris Upham amp Co. " It 's going to get bloody . Jerry Steinman , publisher of Beer Marketers Insights , a trade newsletter , said Anheuser 's announcement means " everybody else in the industry is going to have a difficult time reaching their profit objectives . " Mr. Thompson calls discounting " a loser 's game for anyone without a dominant market share , " and projected that Anheuser 's statement of intent could simply be a means of warning competitors to ease up on price - cutting or face a costly and fruitless battle . Mr. Thompson noted that the disappointing earnings , which fell five cents a share short of his own projections , contributed to the sell - off by an edgy and currently unforgiving investing public . 	answer: positive
event: said it plans to aggressively discount its major beer brands , setting the stage for a potentially bruising price war as the maturing industry 's growth continues to slow starts before it plans to aggressively discount its major beer brands setting the stage for a potentially bruising price war as the maturing industry 's growth continues to slow story:  said it  plans to aggressively discount its major beer brands , setting the stage for a potentially bruising price war as the maturing industry 's growth continues to slow . The St. Louis company said major rivals , Philip Morris Co. 's Miller Brewing unit and Third - period sales were $ 2.49 billion , up from last year 's $ 2.34 billion . The projection sent Anheuser shares plunging $ 4.375 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday . The stock closed at $ 38.50 on heavy volume of about 3.5 million shares . " We can not permit a further slowing in our volume trend , " Anheuser said , adding it will take " appropriate competitive pricing actions to support our long - term market share growth strategy " for the premium brands . " Harris Upham amp Co. " It 's going to get bloody . Jerry Steinman , publisher of Beer Marketers Insights , a trade newsletter , said Anheuser 's announcement means " everybody else in the industry is going to have a difficult time reaching their profit objectives . " Mr. Thompson calls discounting " a loser 's game for anyone without a dominant market share , " and projected that Anheuser 's statement of intent could simply be a means of warning competitors to ease up on price - cutting or face a costly and fruitless battle . Mr. Thompson noted that the disappointing earnings , which fell five cents a share short of his own projections , contributed to the sell - off by an edgy and currently unforgiving investing public . 	answer: negative
event: Riot police in armored cars , shields and helmets prevented a few hundred Protestants , many waving British and Ulster flags , from interfering with the Catholics as they marched within Portadown 's few Catholic streets starts after many waving British and Ulster flags story: Police seized a car bomb under construction Sunday in a town bordering Northern Ireland on the eve of the return to peace talks by the IRA - allied Sinn Fein party . Chief Superintendent Al McHugh said the bomb discovered in the Irish Republic was destined for an unknown target in Northern Ireland and ` ` would have caused massive destruction . ' They arrested two men in connection with the bomb factory , which also contained circuitry , detonating cord and the Mitsubishi truck that would have carried the bomb . The British and Irish governments , which cosponsor the multi - party talks that are supposed to conclude by May , invited Sinn Fein to rejoin two weeks ago . Adams said Sunday . ` ` Nationalists in the north are not a minority in someone else 's country . We are Irish citizens , living in our own country , ' ' Adams said , adding : ` ` Nationalists want to move towards Irish unity and see this process as a bridge in that direction . ' ' But the north 's pro - British Protestant majority is bitterly opposed to uniting Ireland and instead wants a strong government for Northern Ireland , which has been ruled directly by London since 1972 . Northern Ireland 's biggest Protestant party , the Ulster Unionists , is threatening to push for Sinn Fein 's expulsion once again . ` ` Small nationalist communities are not going to be left on their own this summer , ' ' said Gerard Rice , a former IRA prisoner who leads anti - Orange protests in a Catholic neighborhood of south Belfast . 	answer: positive
event: Riot police in armored cars , shields and helmets prevented a few hundred Protestants , many waving British and Ulster flags , from interfering with the Catholics as they marched within Portadown 's few Catholic streets starts before many waving British and Ulster flags story: Police seized a car bomb under construction Sunday in a town bordering Northern Ireland on the eve of the return to peace talks by the IRA - allied Sinn Fein party . Chief Superintendent Al McHugh said the bomb discovered in the Irish Republic was destined for an unknown target in Northern Ireland and ` ` would have caused massive destruction . ' They arrested two men in connection with the bomb factory , which also contained circuitry , detonating cord and the Mitsubishi truck that would have carried the bomb . The British and Irish governments , which cosponsor the multi - party talks that are supposed to conclude by May , invited Sinn Fein to rejoin two weeks ago . Adams said Sunday . ` ` Nationalists in the north are not a minority in someone else 's country . We are Irish citizens , living in our own country , ' ' Adams said , adding : ` ` Nationalists want to move towards Irish unity and see this process as a bridge in that direction . ' ' But the north 's pro - British Protestant majority is bitterly opposed to uniting Ireland and instead wants a strong government for Northern Ireland , which has been ruled directly by London since 1972 . Northern Ireland 's biggest Protestant party , the Ulster Unionists , is threatening to push for Sinn Fein 's expulsion once again . ` ` Small nationalist communities are not going to be left on their own this summer , ' ' said Gerard Rice , a former IRA prisoner who leads anti - Orange protests in a Catholic neighborhood of south Belfast . 	answer: negative
event: Protesters from several Catholic communities crowded into Portadown 's Catholic Garvaghy Road to hear speakers demand negotiations with Orange Order leaders , and pledge to participate in each others ' road - blocking protests this summer starts before Protesters from several Catholic communities hear speakers demand negotiations with Orange Order leaders , and pledge to participate in each others ' road - blocking protests this summer story: BELFAST , Northern Ireland ( AP ) Extremists have bombed two predominantly pro - British Protestant towns and fired mortar shells at a police station since Sinn Fein was expelled from peace talks on Feb. 20 in punishment for two killings blamed on the Irish Republican Army . Police found more than 1,300 pounds ( 600 kgs ) of fertilizer - based explosives Sunday in a shed in Dundalk , 50 miles ( 80 kms ) south of Belfast . They arrested two men in connection with the bomb factory , which also contained circuitry , detonating cord and the Mitsubishi truck that would have carried the bomb . Adams said Sunday . But the north 's pro - British Protestant majority is bitterly opposed to uniting Ireland and instead wants a strong government for Northern Ireland , which has been ruled directly by London since 1972 . Also Sunday , more than 2,000 Catholic protesters rallied in Portadown against the annual parades by the Orange Order , Northern Ireland 's dominant Protestant fraternal group . Confrontations among Catholic protesters , Protestant marchers and the police have provoked widespread violence in Northern Ireland for the past three summers . The crucible is Portadown , 30 miles ( 50 kms ) southwest of Belfast , where Orangemen march each July from their rural church back downtown _ through the town 's main Catholic area . Riot police in armored cars , shields and helmets prevented a few hundred Protestants , many waving British and Ulster flags , from interfering with the Catholics as they marched within Portadown 's few Catholic streets . An elderly Catholic man was hospitalized from cuts after a Protestant gasoline bomb landed in his back yard . 	answer: positive
event: Protesters from several Catholic communities crowded into Portadown 's Catholic Garvaghy Road to hear speakers demand negotiations with Orange Order leaders , and pledge to participate in each others ' road - blocking protests this summer starts after Protesters from several Catholic communities hear speakers demand negotiations with Orange Order leaders , and pledge to participate in each others ' road - blocking protests this summer story: BELFAST , Northern Ireland ( AP ) Extremists have bombed two predominantly pro - British Protestant towns and fired mortar shells at a police station since Sinn Fein was expelled from peace talks on Feb. 20 in punishment for two killings blamed on the Irish Republican Army . Police found more than 1,300 pounds ( 600 kgs ) of fertilizer - based explosives Sunday in a shed in Dundalk , 50 miles ( 80 kms ) south of Belfast . They arrested two men in connection with the bomb factory , which also contained circuitry , detonating cord and the Mitsubishi truck that would have carried the bomb . Adams said Sunday . But the north 's pro - British Protestant majority is bitterly opposed to uniting Ireland and instead wants a strong government for Northern Ireland , which has been ruled directly by London since 1972 . Also Sunday , more than 2,000 Catholic protesters rallied in Portadown against the annual parades by the Orange Order , Northern Ireland 's dominant Protestant fraternal group . Confrontations among Catholic protesters , Protestant marchers and the police have provoked widespread violence in Northern Ireland for the past three summers . The crucible is Portadown , 30 miles ( 50 kms ) southwest of Belfast , where Orangemen march each July from their rural church back downtown _ through the town 's main Catholic area . Riot police in armored cars , shields and helmets prevented a few hundred Protestants , many waving British and Ulster flags , from interfering with the Catholics as they marched within Portadown 's few Catholic streets . An elderly Catholic man was hospitalized from cuts after a Protestant gasoline bomb landed in his back yard . 	answer: negative
event: U.S. authorities scheduled a news conference for later today in New York starts after a Tanzanian man arrested story: CAPE TOWN , South Africa ( AP ) -- Another man has been arrested in connection with the bombings of U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania last year that killed 224 people , police said today . ` ` I can confirm that an individual was arrested in connection with the embassy bombings and the FBI was involved ' ' in making the arrest , police spokesman Capt . Rod Beer said . Beer said he did not know where the man was being held or any more details . The arrest brought to nine the number of people in custody in connection with the bombings . U.S. authorities  scheduled a news conference for later today in New York . The Cape Argus newspaper reported today that a Tanzanian man was  arrested , and that authorities were searching for accomplices . The Argus quoted immigration official Jurie de Wet as saying the arrests stemmed from information about requests for asylum and temporary residence in Cape Town . The U.S. Embassy in Pretoria had no comment . Seventeen people have been indicted in the case . Eight of those are in custody , but the rest remained fugitives , including Saudi radical Osama bin Laden . It was not immediately known if the arrest announced today stemmed from the indictment . Bin Laden , who is accused of masterminding the attack , is on the FBI 's 10 Most Wanted List . A $ 5 million reward has been offered for his capture . The bombs went off almost simultaneously on Aug. 7 , 1998 at U.S. embassies in Nairobi , Kenya and Dar es Salaam , Tanzania . 	answer: positive
event: U.S. authorities scheduled a news conference for later today in New York starts before a Tanzanian man arrested story: CAPE TOWN , South Africa ( AP ) -- Another man has been arrested in connection with the bombings of U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania last year that killed 224 people , police said today . ` ` I can confirm that an individual was arrested in connection with the embassy bombings and the FBI was involved ' ' in making the arrest , police spokesman Capt . Rod Beer said . Beer said he did not know where the man was being held or any more details . The arrest brought to nine the number of people in custody in connection with the bombings . U.S. authorities  scheduled a news conference for later today in New York . The Cape Argus newspaper reported today that a Tanzanian man was  arrested , and that authorities were searching for accomplices . The Argus quoted immigration official Jurie de Wet as saying the arrests stemmed from information about requests for asylum and temporary residence in Cape Town . The U.S. Embassy in Pretoria had no comment . Seventeen people have been indicted in the case . Eight of those are in custody , but the rest remained fugitives , including Saudi radical Osama bin Laden . It was not immediately known if the arrest announced today stemmed from the indictment . Bin Laden , who is accused of masterminding the attack , is on the FBI 's 10 Most Wanted List . A $ 5 million reward has been offered for his capture . The bombs went off almost simultaneously on Aug. 7 , 1998 at U.S. embassies in Nairobi , Kenya and Dar es Salaam , Tanzania . 	answer: negative
event: In a speech delivered at the Pentagon seemed to suggest that American forces could be in the gulf region for some time starts before ` No one should doubt our staying power or determination he said story: Soviet officials also said Soviet women , children and invalids would be allowed to leave Iraq . The U.S. military buildup in Saudi Arabia continued at fever pace , with Syrian troops now part of a multinational force camped out in the desert to guard the Saudi kingdom from any new thrust by Iraq . The Iraqi ambassador to Greece said in Athens the Americans and other stranded foreigners could leave ` ` as soon as the threats from the United States and its allies are eliminated . ' ' ABC quoted an Iraqi Foreign Ministry official in Baghdad as saying Americans in Iraq are ` ` restrictees ' ' who will stay there until the crisis ends . The Soviet Foreign Ministry said Soviet women , children and invalids would be permitted to leave Iraq . Banks remained closed . Iraq has control of 20 percent of the world 's oil reserves . Egyptian and Moroccan troops are already there . Truckloads of goods rolled into Iraq from Jordan on Tuesday and Iraqi - bound cargo was unloaded from ships at the Red Sea port ofAqaba despite the U.N.-ordered sanctions . ' A CBS News report citing unidentified Jordanian sources said that Saddam 's message called for an international conference to be convened to discuss an Iraqi withdrawal from Kuwait . In exchange , the buildup of U.S. forces in the region would halt . Bush told a news conference on Tuesday that the naval barricade now in force might be extended to Jordan 's Aqaba ` ` if it is a hole through which commerce flows ' ' in and out of Iraq . It accused Kuwait of deliberately slashing Iraqi oil revenues by overproducing oil and driving down prices , among other charges . 	answer: positive
event: In a speech delivered at the Pentagon seemed to suggest that American forces could be in the gulf region for some time starts after ` No one should doubt our staying power or determination he said story: Soviet officials also said Soviet women , children and invalids would be allowed to leave Iraq . The U.S. military buildup in Saudi Arabia continued at fever pace , with Syrian troops now part of a multinational force camped out in the desert to guard the Saudi kingdom from any new thrust by Iraq . The Iraqi ambassador to Greece said in Athens the Americans and other stranded foreigners could leave ` ` as soon as the threats from the United States and its allies are eliminated . ' ' ABC quoted an Iraqi Foreign Ministry official in Baghdad as saying Americans in Iraq are ` ` restrictees ' ' who will stay there until the crisis ends . The Soviet Foreign Ministry said Soviet women , children and invalids would be permitted to leave Iraq . Banks remained closed . Iraq has control of 20 percent of the world 's oil reserves . Egyptian and Moroccan troops are already there . Truckloads of goods rolled into Iraq from Jordan on Tuesday and Iraqi - bound cargo was unloaded from ships at the Red Sea port ofAqaba despite the U.N.-ordered sanctions . ' A CBS News report citing unidentified Jordanian sources said that Saddam 's message called for an international conference to be convened to discuss an Iraqi withdrawal from Kuwait . In exchange , the buildup of U.S. forces in the region would halt . Bush told a news conference on Tuesday that the naval barricade now in force might be extended to Jordan 's Aqaba ` ` if it is a hole through which commerce flows ' ' in and out of Iraq . It accused Kuwait of deliberately slashing Iraqi oil revenues by overproducing oil and driving down prices , among other charges . 	answer: negative
event: the courts hearing the custody battle starts before The Justice Department said it was reviewing that letter story: HAVANA ( AP ) -- Elian Gonzalez 's father said in a letter published Wednesday that he wants Cuban diplomats based in Washington to meet with his 6-year - old son in Miami and check on his condition . ` ` We are worried not only about his prolonged kidnapping , ' ' ` ` We lack direct information about the concrete conditions to which he is subjected in his daily life . ' ' There was no immediate response from the U.S. government to the request . It was likely to be opposed by Elian 's Miami relatives , who are fighting to keep the boy in the United States and who have said they think Gonzalez is being controlled by Fidel Castro 's government . Gonzalez also wrote to Attorney General Janet Reno earlier this week , demanding that Elian be returned to him and saying he does not recognize the courts  hearing the custody battle . The Justice Department  said it was reviewing that letter . In the letter , Gonzalez said he does not recognize the jurisdiction of theU.S. court system , which is weighing an attempt by Elian 's Miami relatives to block his return to Cuba . The boy 's mother and 10 other people died when their boat sank on the way from Cuba to the UnitedStates . ` ` Juan Miguel must not have written the letter himself , ' ' said Armando Gutierrez , spokesman for Elian 's relatives in Miami . ' The INS ruled last month that only Elian 's father has the right to speak for the boy in immigration matters . 	answer: positive
event: the courts hearing the custody battle starts after The Justice Department said it was reviewing that letter story: HAVANA ( AP ) -- Elian Gonzalez 's father said in a letter published Wednesday that he wants Cuban diplomats based in Washington to meet with his 6-year - old son in Miami and check on his condition . ` ` We are worried not only about his prolonged kidnapping , ' ' ` ` We lack direct information about the concrete conditions to which he is subjected in his daily life . ' ' There was no immediate response from the U.S. government to the request . It was likely to be opposed by Elian 's Miami relatives , who are fighting to keep the boy in the United States and who have said they think Gonzalez is being controlled by Fidel Castro 's government . Gonzalez also wrote to Attorney General Janet Reno earlier this week , demanding that Elian be returned to him and saying he does not recognize the courts  hearing the custody battle . The Justice Department  said it was reviewing that letter . In the letter , Gonzalez said he does not recognize the jurisdiction of theU.S. court system , which is weighing an attempt by Elian 's Miami relatives to block his return to Cuba . The boy 's mother and 10 other people died when their boat sank on the way from Cuba to the UnitedStates . ` ` Juan Miguel must not have written the letter himself , ' ' said Armando Gutierrez , spokesman for Elian 's relatives in Miami . ' The INS ruled last month that only Elian 's father has the right to speak for the boy in immigration matters . 	answer: negative
event: David Eichenbaum , a Democratic political consultant who is not working for anyone in this year 's campaign , said abortion ` ` is no longer the driving issue it once was , at least on the pro - choice side starts before But Eichenbaum said Sometimes an incident like this will do more to energize those who are pro - choice who otherwise might not consider that as an important an issue to go to the polls over story: In the race for attorney general , the Democratic candidate , Eliot Spitzer , who favors abortion rights , has moved quickly to make the anti - abortion position of his opponent , Attorney General Dennis Vacco , a central issue in the campaign . And in the tight race for U.S. Senate , while the Democrat , Charles Schumer , another abortion - rights supporter , has not raised Slepian 's death himself , his aides say it puts a new emphasis on the issue . Slepian was shot in the back on Friday night as he stood in his kitchen . No suspects have been identified . Even before the killing , Schumer was tyring to draw more attention to the anti - abortion record of his opponent , Senator Alfonse D'Amato , a Republican who is also running on the Right to Life Party line . D'Amato 's aides would not comment about the political ramifications of the slaying , and Schumer 's aides would not talk about whether they planned to refer to it in any advertisements , or whether the candidate planned to use it on the campaign trail . ` ` Stopping clinic violence is going to be a major theme of our campaign from now to Election Day . ' A federal judge removed Vacco , then the U.S. attorney for western New York , from the case . Several consultants agreed that there might be political hay to be made in Slepian 's death but that it had to be done carefully . 	answer: positive
event: David Eichenbaum , a Democratic political consultant who is not working for anyone in this year 's campaign , said abortion ` ` is no longer the driving issue it once was , at least on the pro - choice side starts after But Eichenbaum said Sometimes an incident like this will do more to energize those who are pro - choice who otherwise might not consider that as an important an issue to go to the polls over story: In the race for attorney general , the Democratic candidate , Eliot Spitzer , who favors abortion rights , has moved quickly to make the anti - abortion position of his opponent , Attorney General Dennis Vacco , a central issue in the campaign . And in the tight race for U.S. Senate , while the Democrat , Charles Schumer , another abortion - rights supporter , has not raised Slepian 's death himself , his aides say it puts a new emphasis on the issue . Slepian was shot in the back on Friday night as he stood in his kitchen . No suspects have been identified . Even before the killing , Schumer was tyring to draw more attention to the anti - abortion record of his opponent , Senator Alfonse D'Amato , a Republican who is also running on the Right to Life Party line . D'Amato 's aides would not comment about the political ramifications of the slaying , and Schumer 's aides would not talk about whether they planned to refer to it in any advertisements , or whether the candidate planned to use it on the campaign trail . ` ` Stopping clinic violence is going to be a major theme of our campaign from now to Election Day . ' A federal judge removed Vacco , then the U.S. attorney for western New York , from the case . Several consultants agreed that there might be political hay to be made in Slepian 's death but that it had to be done carefully . 	answer: negative
event: The bullet ricocheted into the living room , where the doctor 's three other children were watching television starts before The bullet bounced off a cabinet and ricocheted into the living room , where the doctor 's three other children were watching television Murray said story: Additional details of the slaying emerged on Sunday . The bullet bounced off a cabinet and  ricocheted into the living room , where the doctor 's three other children were watching television , Murray  said . Slepian 's wife and one son tried to revive him . Just over an hour later , he was declared dead at nearby Millard Fillmore Suburban Hospital . For the most part , people on both sides of the abortion issue expressed outrage at the shooting . ' Most other opponents of abortion , however , condemned the shooting and abortion . ` ` He called on many of the same people to express outrage at partial birth abortion , which he called the equivalent of infanticide , ' ' Religious leaders in Buffalo also condemned the shooting . ' Susan Dudley , deputy director of the National Abortion Federation , assailed the remarks and called on anti - abortion groups to shift their tactics . ` ` I think that when pro - life organizations try to distinguish between themselves and these incidents they are at best being disingenuous , ' ' she said . ` ` They are the ones who call these doctors murderers . ' ' In Amherst , residents who said they opposed abortion decried the attack and said they hoped the perpetrator was caught . Little of the vitriol that the issue aroused in the late 1980s and early 1990s remains , residents said , and many of the local religious leaders who led the 1992 protests have moved . 	answer: positive
event: The bullet ricocheted into the living room , where the doctor 's three other children were watching television starts after The bullet bounced off a cabinet and ricocheted into the living room , where the doctor 's three other children were watching television Murray said story: Additional details of the slaying emerged on Sunday . The bullet bounced off a cabinet and  ricocheted into the living room , where the doctor 's three other children were watching television , Murray  said . Slepian 's wife and one son tried to revive him . Just over an hour later , he was declared dead at nearby Millard Fillmore Suburban Hospital . For the most part , people on both sides of the abortion issue expressed outrage at the shooting . ' Most other opponents of abortion , however , condemned the shooting and abortion . ` ` He called on many of the same people to express outrage at partial birth abortion , which he called the equivalent of infanticide , ' ' Religious leaders in Buffalo also condemned the shooting . ' Susan Dudley , deputy director of the National Abortion Federation , assailed the remarks and called on anti - abortion groups to shift their tactics . ` ` I think that when pro - life organizations try to distinguish between themselves and these incidents they are at best being disingenuous , ' ' she said . ` ` They are the ones who call these doctors murderers . ' ' In Amherst , residents who said they opposed abortion decried the attack and said they hoped the perpetrator was caught . Little of the vitriol that the issue aroused in the late 1980s and early 1990s remains , residents said , and many of the local religious leaders who led the 1992 protests have moved . 	answer: negative
event: Elian Gonzalez 's father said in a letter published Wednesday that he wants Cuban diplomats based in Washington to meet with his 6-year - old son in Miami and check on his condition starts after Juan Miguel Gonzalez wrote in a letter published on the front page of the Communist Party daily Granma story: HAVANA ( AP ) -- Elian Gonzalez 's father  said in a letter published Wednesday that he wants Cuban diplomats based in Washington to meet with his 6-year - old son in Miami and check on his condition . ` ` We are worried not only about his prolonged kidnapping , ' ' Juan Miguel Gonzalez  wrote in a letter published on the front page of the Communist Party daily Granma . ` ` We lack direct information about the concrete conditions to which he is subjected in his daily life . ' ' It was likely to be opposed by Elian 's Miami relatives , who are fighting to keep the boy in the United States and who have said they think Gonzalez is being controlled by Fidel Castro 's government . Gonzalez also wrote to Attorney General Janet Reno earlier this week , demanding that Elian be returned to him and saying he does not recognize the courts hearing the custody battle . The Justice Department said it was reviewing that letter . ` ` I formally object to the legal moves made or being made by those who are arbitrarily retaining Elian , ' ' The boy 's mother and 10 other people died when their boat sank on the way from Cuba to the UnitedStates . Elian is staying with his paternal great - uncle Lazaro Gonzalez , who is fighting to keep the boy with him in the United States . Lawyers for the relatives in Miami filed a brief in federal court on Monday arguing the Immigration and Naturalization Service can not return Elian to Cuba without holding a political asylum hearing . 	answer: positive
event: Elian Gonzalez 's father said in a letter published Wednesday that he wants Cuban diplomats based in Washington to meet with his 6-year - old son in Miami and check on his condition starts before Juan Miguel Gonzalez wrote in a letter published on the front page of the Communist Party daily Granma story: HAVANA ( AP ) -- Elian Gonzalez 's father  said in a letter published Wednesday that he wants Cuban diplomats based in Washington to meet with his 6-year - old son in Miami and check on his condition . ` ` We are worried not only about his prolonged kidnapping , ' ' Juan Miguel Gonzalez  wrote in a letter published on the front page of the Communist Party daily Granma . ` ` We lack direct information about the concrete conditions to which he is subjected in his daily life . ' ' It was likely to be opposed by Elian 's Miami relatives , who are fighting to keep the boy in the United States and who have said they think Gonzalez is being controlled by Fidel Castro 's government . Gonzalez also wrote to Attorney General Janet Reno earlier this week , demanding that Elian be returned to him and saying he does not recognize the courts hearing the custody battle . The Justice Department said it was reviewing that letter . ` ` I formally object to the legal moves made or being made by those who are arbitrarily retaining Elian , ' ' The boy 's mother and 10 other people died when their boat sank on the way from Cuba to the UnitedStates . Elian is staying with his paternal great - uncle Lazaro Gonzalez , who is fighting to keep the boy with him in the United States . Lawyers for the relatives in Miami filed a brief in federal court on Monday arguing the Immigration and Naturalization Service can not return Elian to Cuba without holding a political asylum hearing . 	answer: negative
event: They talking when the bomb went off , killing 247 people and wounding more than 5,000 others starts before Bushnell told Kenya Television story: NAIROBI , Kenya ( AP ) _ U.S. Ambassador Prudence Bushnell wrapped up some unfinished business on Wednesday , meeting with Kenya 's trade minister to finish talks that were interrupted by the car bombing of the embassy . On Aug. 7 , Bushnell , Trade Minister Joseph Kimotho and others had just ended a news conference in a building adjacent to the embassy . They were  talking when the bomb went off , killing 247 people and wounding more than 5,000 others . On Wednesday , Bushnell and Kimotho met again to finish their discussion , Bushnell  told Kenya Television . The ambassador was cut on her lip and hands in the blast , which damaged the embassy , shattered the glass shell of the 22-story Cooperative Bank House and toppled the six - story Ufundi House . Bushnell continued with her duties throughout the subsequent search and rescue at the blast scene , memorials for those slain , and the relocation to a temporary embassy . Kimotho , who was hospitalized with a head wound , said he and Bushnell had been talking about the slated visit of U.S. Commerce Secretary William Daley in September . His trip is still on , the embassy said . The blast in Nairobi occurred at almost exactly the same moment as an explosion ripped through the American Embassy in Tanzania 's commercial capital Dar es Salaam . The death toll in the Tanzania blast , initially 10 , has risen to 12 , hospital officials and family members said Wednesday . That brought the toll for both bombings to 259 . 	answer: positive
event: They talking when the bomb went off , killing 247 people and wounding more than 5,000 others starts after Bushnell told Kenya Television story: NAIROBI , Kenya ( AP ) _ U.S. Ambassador Prudence Bushnell wrapped up some unfinished business on Wednesday , meeting with Kenya 's trade minister to finish talks that were interrupted by the car bombing of the embassy . On Aug. 7 , Bushnell , Trade Minister Joseph Kimotho and others had just ended a news conference in a building adjacent to the embassy . They were  talking when the bomb went off , killing 247 people and wounding more than 5,000 others . On Wednesday , Bushnell and Kimotho met again to finish their discussion , Bushnell  told Kenya Television . The ambassador was cut on her lip and hands in the blast , which damaged the embassy , shattered the glass shell of the 22-story Cooperative Bank House and toppled the six - story Ufundi House . Bushnell continued with her duties throughout the subsequent search and rescue at the blast scene , memorials for those slain , and the relocation to a temporary embassy . Kimotho , who was hospitalized with a head wound , said he and Bushnell had been talking about the slated visit of U.S. Commerce Secretary William Daley in September . His trip is still on , the embassy said . The blast in Nairobi occurred at almost exactly the same moment as an explosion ripped through the American Embassy in Tanzania 's commercial capital Dar es Salaam . The death toll in the Tanzania blast , initially 10 , has risen to 12 , hospital officials and family members said Wednesday . That brought the toll for both bombings to 259 . 	answer: negative
event: investigating all five of the shootings starts before investigating all five of the shootings said he had never heard of the men story: The men were not termed suspects , and FBI officials on Saturday played down the likelihood that either was involved in the Oct. 23 killing of the doctor , Barnett Slepian . he said he did not know which one _ had been located , interviewed and released . In its Friday issue , The Hamilton ( Ontario ) Spectator quoted an officer in the Amherst , N.Y. , Police Department as saying that the FBI . bulletin had indicated possible links between the two men and James Charles Kopp , an abortion opponent who is being sought as a material witness in the case . Amherst police officials declined to comment Saturday . Slepian , 52 , an obstetrician and gynecologist , was shot through the kitchen window of his home in Amherst shortly after he and his wife returned home from synagogue on the night of Friday , Oct. 23 . He was one of three doctors who performed abortions in the Buffalo area . Investigators in Canada and the United States are also looking into four other sniper attacks on doctors who performed abortions in Canada and western New York . Moskal said the two men apparently showed up at Slepian 's house the day after his death . FBI officials said they were not certain whether Stauber or Gingrich had been involved in antiabortion activities . The two men are believed to live in the Cleveland area . ` ` Just the fact that we are interviewing anyone does n't make them a subject or a suspect in this , ' ' he said . 	answer: positive
event: investigating all five of the shootings starts after investigating all five of the shootings said he had never heard of the men story: The men were not termed suspects , and FBI officials on Saturday played down the likelihood that either was involved in the Oct. 23 killing of the doctor , Barnett Slepian . he said he did not know which one _ had been located , interviewed and released . In its Friday issue , The Hamilton ( Ontario ) Spectator quoted an officer in the Amherst , N.Y. , Police Department as saying that the FBI . bulletin had indicated possible links between the two men and James Charles Kopp , an abortion opponent who is being sought as a material witness in the case . Amherst police officials declined to comment Saturday . Slepian , 52 , an obstetrician and gynecologist , was shot through the kitchen window of his home in Amherst shortly after he and his wife returned home from synagogue on the night of Friday , Oct. 23 . He was one of three doctors who performed abortions in the Buffalo area . Investigators in Canada and the United States are also looking into four other sniper attacks on doctors who performed abortions in Canada and western New York . Moskal said the two men apparently showed up at Slepian 's house the day after his death . FBI officials said they were not certain whether Stauber or Gingrich had been involved in antiabortion activities . The two men are believed to live in the Cleveland area . ` ` Just the fact that we are interviewing anyone does n't make them a subject or a suspect in this , ' ' he said . 	answer: negative
event: In all the bombings in Kenya and Tanzania last week claimed at least 217 lives starts before In all the bombings in Kenya and Tanzania last week injured nearly 5,000 story: MANILA , Philippines ( AP ) _ Philippine President Joseph Estrada on Tuesday condemned the bombings of the U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania and offered condolences to the victims and their families . ` ` We extend our heartfelt sympathies to the victims of these outrages and to their families in Kenya , Tanzania and the United States , ' ' Estrada said in a statement . ` ` No cause is so great that it can justify wanton murder and maiming of the innocent . ' ' In all , the bombings in Kenya and Tanzania last week  claimed at least 217 lives and  injured nearly 5,000 . 	answer: positive
event: In all the bombings in Kenya and Tanzania last week claimed at least 217 lives starts after In all the bombings in Kenya and Tanzania last week injured nearly 5,000 story: MANILA , Philippines ( AP ) _ Philippine President Joseph Estrada on Tuesday condemned the bombings of the U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania and offered condolences to the victims and their families . ` ` We extend our heartfelt sympathies to the victims of these outrages and to their families in Kenya , Tanzania and the United States , ' ' Estrada said in a statement . ` ` No cause is so great that it can justify wanton murder and maiming of the innocent . ' ' In all , the bombings in Kenya and Tanzania last week  claimed at least 217 lives and  injured nearly 5,000 . 	answer: negative
event: Kopp purports to be a devout Roman Catholic starts before placing Bin Laden on the most - wanted list underscores the unwavering commitment ' ' by the United States ` ` to fight terrorism story: FBI Director Louis Freeh said the U.S. government is offering a reward of up to $ 5 million for information that leads to the arrest and conviction of Bin Laden , indicted as the architect of the twin bombings of American embassies in Kenya and Tanzania . N.Y. Slepian provided legal abortions in western New York state . The standard $ 50,000 reward for information leading to a listed fugitive 's capture comes on top of a $ 500,000 reward announced earlier by Attorney General Janet Reno , plus a $ 100,000 award offered previously by the FBI . Reno said Bin Laden and Kopp have one thing in common Kopp  purports to be a devout Roman Catholic , and the majority of jobs he has held over the past 20 years have been related to the anti - abortion movement , the Justice Department said in a news release . State Department international security director Dave Carpenter said that placing Bin Laden on the most - wanted list ` `  underscores the unwavering commitment ' ' by the United States ` ` to fight terrorism . ' The FBI continues to receive threats from individuals and organizations with ties to Bin Laden , Freeh said . The two were removed from the list after Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi agreed in April to hand them over for trial in the Netherlands , a neutral venue . Another eight suspects , including Bin Laden , have been charged but not apprehended . Prior to the Slepian 's shooting , Kopp had traveled the country and world , authorities said . He has used 29 aliases , Freeh said . 	answer: positive
event: Kopp purports to be a devout Roman Catholic starts after placing Bin Laden on the most - wanted list underscores the unwavering commitment ' ' by the United States ` ` to fight terrorism story: FBI Director Louis Freeh said the U.S. government is offering a reward of up to $ 5 million for information that leads to the arrest and conviction of Bin Laden , indicted as the architect of the twin bombings of American embassies in Kenya and Tanzania . N.Y. Slepian provided legal abortions in western New York state . The standard $ 50,000 reward for information leading to a listed fugitive 's capture comes on top of a $ 500,000 reward announced earlier by Attorney General Janet Reno , plus a $ 100,000 award offered previously by the FBI . Reno said Bin Laden and Kopp have one thing in common Kopp  purports to be a devout Roman Catholic , and the majority of jobs he has held over the past 20 years have been related to the anti - abortion movement , the Justice Department said in a news release . State Department international security director Dave Carpenter said that placing Bin Laden on the most - wanted list ` `  underscores the unwavering commitment ' ' by the United States ` ` to fight terrorism . ' The FBI continues to receive threats from individuals and organizations with ties to Bin Laden , Freeh said . The two were removed from the list after Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi agreed in April to hand them over for trial in the Netherlands , a neutral venue . Another eight suspects , including Bin Laden , have been charged but not apprehended . Prior to the Slepian 's shooting , Kopp had traveled the country and world , authorities said . He has used 29 aliases , Freeh said . 	answer: negative
event: the Cabbage Patch dolls whose sales hit $ 600 million in 1985 starts before But as the craze died Coleco failed to come up with another winner story: Coleco Industries Inc. , a once high - flying toy maker whose stock peaked at $ 65 a share in the early 1980s , filed a Chapter 11 reorganization plan that provides just 1.125 cents a share for common stockholders . Under the plan , unsecured creditors , who are owed about $ 430 million , would receive about $ 92 million , or 21 cents for each dollar they are owed . In addition , they will receive stock in the reorganized company , which will be named Ranger Industries Inc. After these payments , about $ 225,000 will be available for the 20 million common shares outstanding . The Avon , Conn. , company 's stock hit a high in 1983 after it unveiled its Adam home computer , but the product was plagued with glitches and the company 's fortunes plunged . But Coleco bounced back with the introduction of the Cabbage Patch dolls , whose sales  hit $ 600 million in 1985 . But as the craze died , Coleco  failed to come up with another winner and filed for bankruptcy - law protection in July 1988 . The plan was filed jointly with unsecured creditors in federal bankruptcy court in New York and must be approved by the court . 	answer: positive
event: the Cabbage Patch dolls whose sales hit $ 600 million in 1985 starts after But as the craze died Coleco failed to come up with another winner story: Coleco Industries Inc. , a once high - flying toy maker whose stock peaked at $ 65 a share in the early 1980s , filed a Chapter 11 reorganization plan that provides just 1.125 cents a share for common stockholders . Under the plan , unsecured creditors , who are owed about $ 430 million , would receive about $ 92 million , or 21 cents for each dollar they are owed . In addition , they will receive stock in the reorganized company , which will be named Ranger Industries Inc. After these payments , about $ 225,000 will be available for the 20 million common shares outstanding . The Avon , Conn. , company 's stock hit a high in 1983 after it unveiled its Adam home computer , but the product was plagued with glitches and the company 's fortunes plunged . But Coleco bounced back with the introduction of the Cabbage Patch dolls , whose sales  hit $ 600 million in 1985 . But as the craze died , Coleco  failed to come up with another winner and filed for bankruptcy - law protection in July 1988 . The plan was filed jointly with unsecured creditors in federal bankruptcy court in New York and must be approved by the court . 	answer: negative
event: he creating a situation that puts his effectiveness in significant doubt starts before Sununu was told Wednesday by Bush 's son , George , that he had alienated members of the Cabinet , the White House staff and the Republican political community , creating a situation that puts his effectiveness in significant doubt the sources said story: One of President Bush 's sons has informed White House Chief of Staff John Sununu that he has lost much of his support among Republicans , prompting an intense effort by Sununu to hold on to his job by demonstrating his GOP backing , White House and Republican sources said Monday . Sununu was told Wednesday by Bush 's son , George , that he had alienated members of the Cabinet , the White House staff and the Republican political community ,  creating a situation that puts his effectiveness in significant doubt , the sources  said . The message to the chief of staff was meant to be taken as a suggestion that Sununu offer to resign , one highly placed source said . Instead , Sununu sought to prove to the president that his supporters outnumber his critics and that he should remain in his post . One senior official Monday described the White House as " a collection of small groups of aides holding their breaths , " waiting to see whether Sununu survives . One GOP source , reporting on a call from the chief of staff to a Republican leader , said Sununu lamented that " the noose is tightening around my neck , and I need your help . " He was told ... the handwriting was on the wall , " the source said Monday . That , the source said , was when Sununu started calling congressional Republicans and asking them to tell Bush that the conservative wing of the party , in particular , would object if he were fired . Officials said the president himself met with Sununu Sunday . A source said the outcome of that session was unclear . 	answer: positive
event: he creating a situation that puts his effectiveness in significant doubt starts after Sununu was told Wednesday by Bush 's son , George , that he had alienated members of the Cabinet , the White House staff and the Republican political community , creating a situation that puts his effectiveness in significant doubt the sources said story: One of President Bush 's sons has informed White House Chief of Staff John Sununu that he has lost much of his support among Republicans , prompting an intense effort by Sununu to hold on to his job by demonstrating his GOP backing , White House and Republican sources said Monday . Sununu was told Wednesday by Bush 's son , George , that he had alienated members of the Cabinet , the White House staff and the Republican political community ,  creating a situation that puts his effectiveness in significant doubt , the sources  said . The message to the chief of staff was meant to be taken as a suggestion that Sununu offer to resign , one highly placed source said . Instead , Sununu sought to prove to the president that his supporters outnumber his critics and that he should remain in his post . One senior official Monday described the White House as " a collection of small groups of aides holding their breaths , " waiting to see whether Sununu survives . One GOP source , reporting on a call from the chief of staff to a Republican leader , said Sununu lamented that " the noose is tightening around my neck , and I need your help . " He was told ... the handwriting was on the wall , " the source said Monday . That , the source said , was when Sununu started calling congressional Republicans and asking them to tell Bush that the conservative wing of the party , in particular , would object if he were fired . Officials said the president himself met with Sununu Sunday . A source said the outcome of that session was unclear . 	answer: negative
event: After making his opinions known Manuel Gonzalez reportedly ostracized by his Miami kin , especially Lazaro , who has been keeping Elian and who has gone to court to try to keep the boy here starts after especially Lazaro who gone to court to try to keep the boy here story: MIAMI _ In a drama that has divided his once close - knit family and may finally be resolved in a court hearing the week of March 6 , Manuel Gonzalez , 59 , a soft - spoken bus mechanic , has remained largely out of the glare of television lights . Until this week . ` ` There has been a lot of pressure , and he feels this is a family affair . ' ' He worked as a police officer in a Cuban ministry , a position that probably helped his son _ Elian 's father _ get a job in the Communist island 's increasingly lucrative tourism industry . _ their relatives for years . In desperate need of hard currency , Castro relaxed travel restrictions and allowed Cubans to have U.S. dollars , triggering a trickle of cash from Miami that soon became a flood . Prior to Elian , the Gonzalez family apparently was no different . The branches of the family regularly talked by telephone and the Miami relatives went back to Cuba for several family reunions . But Elian 's case has broken down the family 's fragile truce , with their political differences exacerbated by the inflammatory rhetoric flying between Castro 's government and exile extremists in Miami . But there has been at least one attempt at a resolution . Neither side would say what happened , but when Manuel returned to his house , he was so upset he felt heart palpitations and was taken to a hospital . Manuel Gonzalez has told reporters that he believes his family will recover _ at least partially _ from the divisions Elian 's case has brought . ` ` But the scars will always be there . ' ' 	answer: positive
event: After making his opinions known Manuel Gonzalez reportedly ostracized by his Miami kin , especially Lazaro , who has been keeping Elian and who has gone to court to try to keep the boy here starts before especially Lazaro who gone to court to try to keep the boy here story: MIAMI _ In a drama that has divided his once close - knit family and may finally be resolved in a court hearing the week of March 6 , Manuel Gonzalez , 59 , a soft - spoken bus mechanic , has remained largely out of the glare of television lights . Until this week . ` ` There has been a lot of pressure , and he feels this is a family affair . ' ' He worked as a police officer in a Cuban ministry , a position that probably helped his son _ Elian 's father _ get a job in the Communist island 's increasingly lucrative tourism industry . _ their relatives for years . In desperate need of hard currency , Castro relaxed travel restrictions and allowed Cubans to have U.S. dollars , triggering a trickle of cash from Miami that soon became a flood . Prior to Elian , the Gonzalez family apparently was no different . The branches of the family regularly talked by telephone and the Miami relatives went back to Cuba for several family reunions . But Elian 's case has broken down the family 's fragile truce , with their political differences exacerbated by the inflammatory rhetoric flying between Castro 's government and exile extremists in Miami . But there has been at least one attempt at a resolution . Neither side would say what happened , but when Manuel returned to his house , he was so upset he felt heart palpitations and was taken to a hospital . Manuel Gonzalez has told reporters that he believes his family will recover _ at least partially _ from the divisions Elian 's case has brought . ` ` But the scars will always be there . ' ' 	answer: negative
event: His car abandoned at New Jersey 's Newark International Airport in December starts after when Kopp was in his 30s story: BUFFALO , N.Y. ( AP ) -- An abortion foe who is the subject of an international manhunt was charged with murder Thursday in the slaying of a doctor who was cut down in his kitchen by a sniper 's bullet . Federal and state arrest warrants were issued for James C. Kopp , 44 , of St. Albans , Vt . His whereabouts are unknown . ` ` We have probable cause to believe this man , James Kopp , is responsible for the death of Dr. Barnett Slepian , ' ' FBI agent Bernard Tolbert said . Up until Thursday , however , they had described him only as a material witness wanted for questioning -- not a suspect . Both charges carry up to life in prison . The newly filed charges will intensify the ongoing international manhunt , Tolbert said . Authorities have said they believe the weapon may have been buried in advance of the shooting , with the killer digging it up to fire the shot , then reburying it and fleeing . Kopp also has been linked , through DNA testing , to a strand of hair found near where the sniper fired , law enforcement sources have said . Nicknamed the ` ` Atomic Dog ' ' in anti - abortion circles , Kopp had been arrested in several states since 1990 for protesting abortion . His car was spotted in Slepian 's suburban Amherst neighborhood in the weeks before the shooting , and was found  abandoned at New Jersey 's Newark International Airport in December , investigators said . ' Kopp is now the second anti - abortion activist being sought by the FBI as a suspect in a fatal attack . 	answer: positive
event: His car abandoned at New Jersey 's Newark International Airport in December starts before when Kopp was in his 30s story: BUFFALO , N.Y. ( AP ) -- An abortion foe who is the subject of an international manhunt was charged with murder Thursday in the slaying of a doctor who was cut down in his kitchen by a sniper 's bullet . Federal and state arrest warrants were issued for James C. Kopp , 44 , of St. Albans , Vt . His whereabouts are unknown . ` ` We have probable cause to believe this man , James Kopp , is responsible for the death of Dr. Barnett Slepian , ' ' FBI agent Bernard Tolbert said . Up until Thursday , however , they had described him only as a material witness wanted for questioning -- not a suspect . Both charges carry up to life in prison . The newly filed charges will intensify the ongoing international manhunt , Tolbert said . Authorities have said they believe the weapon may have been buried in advance of the shooting , with the killer digging it up to fire the shot , then reburying it and fleeing . Kopp also has been linked , through DNA testing , to a strand of hair found near where the sniper fired , law enforcement sources have said . Nicknamed the ` ` Atomic Dog ' ' in anti - abortion circles , Kopp had been arrested in several states since 1990 for protesting abortion . His car was spotted in Slepian 's suburban Amherst neighborhood in the weeks before the shooting , and was found  abandoned at New Jersey 's Newark International Airport in December , investigators said . ' Kopp is now the second anti - abortion activist being sought by the FBI as a suspect in a fatal attack . 	answer: negative
event: a criminal defense attorney who says he has turned down a number of cases to avoid possible fee seizures starts after Mr. Antar investigated by a federal grand jury in Newark , where prosecutors have told him that they may soon seek an indictment on racketeering and securities fraud charges story: In those cases , the high court ruled that federal law gives prosecutors broad authority to seize assets of people accused of racketeering and drug - related crimes , including fees paid to lawyers before an indictment . If the government succeeds in seizing Mr. Antar 's assets , he could be left without top - flight legal representation , because his attorneys are likely to quit , according to individuals familiar with the case . A seizure also would make the case the largest -- and one of the first -- in which lawyers ' fees have been confiscated in a prosecution unrelated to drugs . Mr. Antar is being  investigated by a federal grand jury in Newark , where prosecutors have told him that they may soon seek an indictment on racketeering and securities fraud charges . Under the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations law , or RICO , the government has the authority to seek to freeze or seize a defendant 's assets before trial . " Through his lawyers , Mr. Antar has denied allegations in the SEC suit and in civil suits previously filed by shareholders against Mr. Antar and others . The SEC has alleged that Mr. Antar aimed to pump up the company 's stock price through false financial statements in order to sell his stake and reap huge profits . Mr. Antar , the SEC said , made more than $ 60 million from the sale of his shares between 1985 and 1987 . Still , criminal defense lawyers worry that defendants are being deprived of their Sixth Amendment right to counsel and a fair trial if the government can seize lawyers ' fees . 	answer: positive
event: a criminal defense attorney who says he has turned down a number of cases to avoid possible fee seizures starts before Mr. Antar investigated by a federal grand jury in Newark , where prosecutors have told him that they may soon seek an indictment on racketeering and securities fraud charges story: In those cases , the high court ruled that federal law gives prosecutors broad authority to seize assets of people accused of racketeering and drug - related crimes , including fees paid to lawyers before an indictment . If the government succeeds in seizing Mr. Antar 's assets , he could be left without top - flight legal representation , because his attorneys are likely to quit , according to individuals familiar with the case . A seizure also would make the case the largest -- and one of the first -- in which lawyers ' fees have been confiscated in a prosecution unrelated to drugs . Mr. Antar is being  investigated by a federal grand jury in Newark , where prosecutors have told him that they may soon seek an indictment on racketeering and securities fraud charges . Under the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations law , or RICO , the government has the authority to seek to freeze or seize a defendant 's assets before trial . " Through his lawyers , Mr. Antar has denied allegations in the SEC suit and in civil suits previously filed by shareholders against Mr. Antar and others . The SEC has alleged that Mr. Antar aimed to pump up the company 's stock price through false financial statements in order to sell his stake and reap huge profits . Mr. Antar , the SEC said , made more than $ 60 million from the sale of his shares between 1985 and 1987 . Still , criminal defense lawyers worry that defendants are being deprived of their Sixth Amendment right to counsel and a fair trial if the government can seize lawyers ' fees . 	answer: negative
event: stock prices rising starts before they became sell programs story: Market makers in Nasdaq over - the - counter stocks are adding their voices to the swelling chorus of complaints about program trading . Their motivation , however , has a strong practical aspect : Program trading is hazardous to their paychecks . Because of program trading it is more difficult to trade many OTC stocks without sharp price moves , a condition known as illiquidity . Merrill Lynch , Goldman Sachs and Kidder Peabody , in addition to Shearson , do program - trade OTC stocks . Market makers , to cut costs , slashed inventories of stocks they keep on hand to sell investors when other holders are n't selling . And to protect their reduced capital investment from eroding further , market makers became quicker to lower price quotes when sell programs are in progress . On days when prices are tumbling , they must be willing to buy shares from sellers when no one else will . It 's harder to sell stocks when the sell programs come in because some market makers do n't want to { take the orders}. " Eight trading days after Oct. 12 , the day before the stock market plunge , for instance , the Nasdaq Composite had fallen 4.3 % , compared with 3.3 % for the SampP 500 , 3.5 % for the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index and 3.6 % for the industrial average . The average daily share turnover for October is almost 148 million shares . The revised LIN - BellSouth agreement boosts the dollar amount of the special dividend LIN promises to pay shareholders . Intel eased 1/8 to 31 7/8 . Intel told analysts that the company will resume shipments of the chips within two to three weeks . 	answer: positive
event: stock prices rising starts after they became sell programs story: Market makers in Nasdaq over - the - counter stocks are adding their voices to the swelling chorus of complaints about program trading . Their motivation , however , has a strong practical aspect : Program trading is hazardous to their paychecks . Because of program trading it is more difficult to trade many OTC stocks without sharp price moves , a condition known as illiquidity . Merrill Lynch , Goldman Sachs and Kidder Peabody , in addition to Shearson , do program - trade OTC stocks . Market makers , to cut costs , slashed inventories of stocks they keep on hand to sell investors when other holders are n't selling . And to protect their reduced capital investment from eroding further , market makers became quicker to lower price quotes when sell programs are in progress . On days when prices are tumbling , they must be willing to buy shares from sellers when no one else will . It 's harder to sell stocks when the sell programs come in because some market makers do n't want to { take the orders}. " Eight trading days after Oct. 12 , the day before the stock market plunge , for instance , the Nasdaq Composite had fallen 4.3 % , compared with 3.3 % for the SampP 500 , 3.5 % for the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index and 3.6 % for the industrial average . The average daily share turnover for October is almost 148 million shares . The revised LIN - BellSouth agreement boosts the dollar amount of the special dividend LIN promises to pay shareholders . Intel eased 1/8 to 31 7/8 . Intel told analysts that the company will resume shipments of the chips within two to three weeks . 	answer: negative
event: Asked how the company hopes to expand its computer hardware business Mr. Ousley said it sees good opportunities in systems integration starts before We think we 're getting only 10 % of the integration dollars our customers are spending story: Control Data Corp. , which just months ago was hemorrhaging financially , thinks it will be healthy enough soon to consider repurchasing public debt . Moreover , the company , whose go - it - alone approach nearly proved fatal , now sees alliances with others as the way back to prosperity in what it calls " the data solutions " business . " " Transition " is a reference to the company 's five - year restructuring effort . " He said the company has no intention of tapping its short - term bank lines " for a good part of 1990 . Through the first nine months , the company had a loss of $ 484 million , largely reflecting the closing of its supercomputer unit . Rather , Mr. Perlman said , Control Data intends to bid for the coming Minnesota lottery contract and is seeking new applications for the technology overseas , where " there is great interest in games of skill . Partly , costs will be held down through strategic technology alliances , management said . Control Data recently announced an agreement with MIPS Computer Systems Inc. to jointly develop machines with simplified operating software . James E. Ousley , computer products group president , said such arrangements could help slash Control Data 's computer research and development costs in half by the end of 1990 . We 're in environments that are going to spend a lot of money on that . Utilities management is a major commercial niche . Reviewing the company 's scrape with disaster , Mr. Price conceded it had tried to do too much on its own . " 	answer: positive
event: Asked how the company hopes to expand its computer hardware business Mr. Ousley said it sees good opportunities in systems integration starts after We think we 're getting only 10 % of the integration dollars our customers are spending story: Control Data Corp. , which just months ago was hemorrhaging financially , thinks it will be healthy enough soon to consider repurchasing public debt . Moreover , the company , whose go - it - alone approach nearly proved fatal , now sees alliances with others as the way back to prosperity in what it calls " the data solutions " business . " " Transition " is a reference to the company 's five - year restructuring effort . " He said the company has no intention of tapping its short - term bank lines " for a good part of 1990 . Through the first nine months , the company had a loss of $ 484 million , largely reflecting the closing of its supercomputer unit . Rather , Mr. Perlman said , Control Data intends to bid for the coming Minnesota lottery contract and is seeking new applications for the technology overseas , where " there is great interest in games of skill . Partly , costs will be held down through strategic technology alliances , management said . Control Data recently announced an agreement with MIPS Computer Systems Inc. to jointly develop machines with simplified operating software . James E. Ousley , computer products group president , said such arrangements could help slash Control Data 's computer research and development costs in half by the end of 1990 . We 're in environments that are going to spend a lot of money on that . Utilities management is a major commercial niche . Reviewing the company 's scrape with disaster , Mr. Price conceded it had tried to do too much on its own . " 	answer: negative
event: U.S. Trust recently introduced certain mutual - fund products , which allow it to serve customers with minimum deposits of $ 250,000 starts after Previously the company advertised at the $ 2 million level story: Mr. Schwarz , 52 years old , will succeed Daniel P. Davison Feb. 1 , soon after Mr. Davison reaches the company 's mandatory retirement age of 65 . Mr. Schwarz , who is president of U.S. Trust , will be succeeded in that post by Jeffrey S. Maurer , 42 , who is executive vice president in charge of the company 's asset - management group . U.S. Trust , a 136-year - old institution that is one of the earliest high - net worth banks in the U.S. , has faced intensifying competition from other firms that have established , and heavily promoted , private - banking businesses of their own . " Mr. Schwarz says the competition " broadens the base of opportunity for us . " Other firms " are dealing with the masses . " " Our bread and butter is still the $ 2 million to $ 20 million account , " he says . The new services allow U.S. Trust to cater to the " new wealth , " Mr. Schwarz says . In this year 's third quarter , for example , net was $ 10.5 million , or $ 1.05 a share , compared with $ 10.3 million , or $ 1.02 a share , a year earlier . Mr. Schwarz 's father was a U.S. Trust trustee until 1974 . U.S. Trust also created a four - member office of the chairman , effective Feb. 1 . Mr. Roberts continues as treasurer , and Mr. Wonham remains responsible for the offices of comptroller , planning , marketing and general services . Frederick B. Taylor , 48 , also was named a vice chairman and chief investment officer , a new post . 	answer: positive
event: U.S. Trust recently introduced certain mutual - fund products , which allow it to serve customers with minimum deposits of $ 250,000 starts before Previously the company advertised at the $ 2 million level story: Mr. Schwarz , 52 years old , will succeed Daniel P. Davison Feb. 1 , soon after Mr. Davison reaches the company 's mandatory retirement age of 65 . Mr. Schwarz , who is president of U.S. Trust , will be succeeded in that post by Jeffrey S. Maurer , 42 , who is executive vice president in charge of the company 's asset - management group . U.S. Trust , a 136-year - old institution that is one of the earliest high - net worth banks in the U.S. , has faced intensifying competition from other firms that have established , and heavily promoted , private - banking businesses of their own . " Mr. Schwarz says the competition " broadens the base of opportunity for us . " Other firms " are dealing with the masses . " " Our bread and butter is still the $ 2 million to $ 20 million account , " he says . The new services allow U.S. Trust to cater to the " new wealth , " Mr. Schwarz says . In this year 's third quarter , for example , net was $ 10.5 million , or $ 1.05 a share , compared with $ 10.3 million , or $ 1.02 a share , a year earlier . Mr. Schwarz 's father was a U.S. Trust trustee until 1974 . U.S. Trust also created a four - member office of the chairman , effective Feb. 1 . Mr. Roberts continues as treasurer , and Mr. Wonham remains responsible for the offices of comptroller , planning , marketing and general services . Frederick B. Taylor , 48 , also was named a vice chairman and chief investment officer , a new post . 	answer: negative
event: each 105 common shares owned starts before entitles the shareholder to buy $ 100 face amount of 13.5 % bonds due 1993 and warrants to buy 23.5 common shares at 30 cents a share story: Integra - A Hotel amp Restaurant Co. said its planned rights offering to raise about $ 9 million was declared effective and the company will begin mailing materials to shareholders at the end of this week . Under the offer , shareholders will receive one right for each 105 common shares  owned . Each right  entitles the shareholder to buy $ 100 face amount of 13.5 % bonds due 1993 and warrants to buy 23.5 common shares at 30 cents a share . The rights , which expire Nov. 21 , can be exercised for $ 100 each . Integra , which owns and operates hotels , said that Hallwood Group Inc. has agreed to exercise any rights that are n't exercised by other shareholders . Hallwood , a Cleveland merchant bank , owns about 11 % of Integra . 	answer: positive
event: each 105 common shares owned starts after entitles the shareholder to buy $ 100 face amount of 13.5 % bonds due 1993 and warrants to buy 23.5 common shares at 30 cents a share story: Integra - A Hotel amp Restaurant Co. said its planned rights offering to raise about $ 9 million was declared effective and the company will begin mailing materials to shareholders at the end of this week . Under the offer , shareholders will receive one right for each 105 common shares  owned . Each right  entitles the shareholder to buy $ 100 face amount of 13.5 % bonds due 1993 and warrants to buy 23.5 common shares at 30 cents a share . The rights , which expire Nov. 21 , can be exercised for $ 100 each . Integra , which owns and operates hotels , said that Hallwood Group Inc. has agreed to exercise any rights that are n't exercised by other shareholders . Hallwood , a Cleveland merchant bank , owns about 11 % of Integra . 	answer: negative
event: the shareholder buy $ 100 face amount of 13.5 % bonds due 1993 starts before The rights which expire Nov. 21 story: Integra - A Hotel amp Restaurant Co. said its planned rights offering to raise about $ 9 million was declared effective and the company will begin mailing materials to shareholders at the end of this week . Under the offer , shareholders will receive one right for each 105 common shares owned . Each right entitles the shareholder to  buy $ 100 face amount of 13.5 % bonds due 1993 and warrants to buy 23.5 common shares at 30 cents a share . The rights , which  expire Nov. 21 , can be exercised for $ 100 each . Integra , which owns and operates hotels , said that Hallwood Group Inc. has agreed to exercise any rights that are n't exercised by other shareholders . Hallwood , a Cleveland merchant bank , owns about 11 % of Integra . 	answer: positive
event: the shareholder buy $ 100 face amount of 13.5 % bonds due 1993 starts after The rights which expire Nov. 21 story: Integra - A Hotel amp Restaurant Co. said its planned rights offering to raise about $ 9 million was declared effective and the company will begin mailing materials to shareholders at the end of this week . Under the offer , shareholders will receive one right for each 105 common shares owned . Each right entitles the shareholder to  buy $ 100 face amount of 13.5 % bonds due 1993 and warrants to buy 23.5 common shares at 30 cents a share . The rights , which  expire Nov. 21 , can be exercised for $ 100 each . Integra , which owns and operates hotels , said that Hallwood Group Inc. has agreed to exercise any rights that are n't exercised by other shareholders . Hallwood , a Cleveland merchant bank , owns about 11 % of Integra . 	answer: negative
event: Another cousin , Georgina Cid said Elian 's father had intended to flee Cuba himself , but was being coerced by the Castro government to stay and make certain statements starts after Elian 's father coerced by the Castro government to stay and make certain statements story: Both great - uncles live in Miami . Meantime , the possibility of a meeting between Attorney General Janet Reno and Lazaro Gonzalez 's family reemerged Thursday . Cid said . The father 's response when learning that his boy was safe in Miami was ` ` take care of him until I can go , meaning go to the United States , ' ' Support for the bill has been waning . Speaker after speaker denounced the United States and extolled the virtues of Cuba 's communist revolution . The boy was placed in his care after being found clinging to an inner tube in the Atlantic last Thanksgiving following a boat wreck that killed his mother and 10 other people . The Immigration and Naturalization Service has ruled in favor of the father 's request that the boy be returned to him in Cuba , but that decision was put on hold while the Miami relatives battle in federal court to keep him in this country . He said Elian was ` ` surrounded by two drunks . ' Armando Gutierrez , a spokesman for the Miami relatives , dismissed the criticism : ` ` Elian is surrounded by love . ' ' Elian 's relatives and other Miami supporters say his mother died to give him freedom . ` ` No material good exists that can compete with the value of the family , and it is humiliating for us that people are still questioning our love and the future that awaits Elian at his home , ' ' said a Spanish version of the letter , dated Feb. 4 . 	answer: positive
event: Another cousin , Georgina Cid said Elian 's father had intended to flee Cuba himself , but was being coerced by the Castro government to stay and make certain statements starts before Elian 's father coerced by the Castro government to stay and make certain statements story: Both great - uncles live in Miami . Meantime , the possibility of a meeting between Attorney General Janet Reno and Lazaro Gonzalez 's family reemerged Thursday . Cid said . The father 's response when learning that his boy was safe in Miami was ` ` take care of him until I can go , meaning go to the United States , ' ' Support for the bill has been waning . Speaker after speaker denounced the United States and extolled the virtues of Cuba 's communist revolution . The boy was placed in his care after being found clinging to an inner tube in the Atlantic last Thanksgiving following a boat wreck that killed his mother and 10 other people . The Immigration and Naturalization Service has ruled in favor of the father 's request that the boy be returned to him in Cuba , but that decision was put on hold while the Miami relatives battle in federal court to keep him in this country . He said Elian was ` ` surrounded by two drunks . ' Armando Gutierrez , a spokesman for the Miami relatives , dismissed the criticism : ` ` Elian is surrounded by love . ' ' Elian 's relatives and other Miami supporters say his mother died to give him freedom . ` ` No material good exists that can compete with the value of the family , and it is humiliating for us that people are still questioning our love and the future that awaits Elian at his home , ' ' said a Spanish version of the letter , dated Feb. 4 . 	answer: negative
event: following the end of labor negotiations starts before Steel business said third - quarter net income dropped 8 % to $ 33 million , or 35 cents a share , from $ 36 million , or 39 cents a share in the year - ago quarter story: Bethlehem Steel Corp. , hammered by higher costs and lower shipments to key automotive and service - center customers , posted a 54 % drop in third - quarter profit . Wall Street analysts expect the disappointing trend to continue into the fourth quarter and through at least the first two quarters of 1990 , when the industry will increasingly see the effect of price erosion in major product lines , such as rolled sheet used for cars , appliances and construction . " Bethlehem , the nation 's second largest steelmaker , earned $ 46.9 million , or 54 cents a share . In the year - ago period , Bethlehem earned $ 101.4 million , or $ 1.27 a share , including a $ 3.8 million gain from early retirement of debt . In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Bethlehem shares rose 50 cents to $ 17.375 . It has n't diversified beyond steel , nor has it linked up with a joint venture partner to share costs and risks . However , in spite of the difficult industrywide environment of high cost and low volume , Bethlehem " had pretty good earnings numbers , " said Michelle Galanter Applebaum , an analyst with Sales dropped to $ 441.1 million from $ 820.4 million , because the company no longer consolidates its Eastern Steel division , which is now a joint venture with National Intergroup stock closed at $ 15 , unchanged in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange . National Intergroup is negotiating for the sale of its 50 % interest in National Steel to concentrate more fully on drug distribution operations . 	answer: positive
event: following the end of labor negotiations starts after Steel business said third - quarter net income dropped 8 % to $ 33 million , or 35 cents a share , from $ 36 million , or 39 cents a share in the year - ago quarter story: Bethlehem Steel Corp. , hammered by higher costs and lower shipments to key automotive and service - center customers , posted a 54 % drop in third - quarter profit . Wall Street analysts expect the disappointing trend to continue into the fourth quarter and through at least the first two quarters of 1990 , when the industry will increasingly see the effect of price erosion in major product lines , such as rolled sheet used for cars , appliances and construction . " Bethlehem , the nation 's second largest steelmaker , earned $ 46.9 million , or 54 cents a share . In the year - ago period , Bethlehem earned $ 101.4 million , or $ 1.27 a share , including a $ 3.8 million gain from early retirement of debt . In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Bethlehem shares rose 50 cents to $ 17.375 . It has n't diversified beyond steel , nor has it linked up with a joint venture partner to share costs and risks . However , in spite of the difficult industrywide environment of high cost and low volume , Bethlehem " had pretty good earnings numbers , " said Michelle Galanter Applebaum , an analyst with Sales dropped to $ 441.1 million from $ 820.4 million , because the company no longer consolidates its Eastern Steel division , which is now a joint venture with National Intergroup stock closed at $ 15 , unchanged in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange . National Intergroup is negotiating for the sale of its 50 % interest in National Steel to concentrate more fully on drug distribution operations . 	answer: negative
event: when the bomb went killing 247 people and wounding more than 5,000 others starts before Bushnell told Kenya Television story: NAIROBI , Kenya ( AP ) _ U.S. Ambassador Prudence Bushnell wrapped up some unfinished business on Wednesday , meeting with Kenya 's trade minister to finish talks that were interrupted by the car bombing of the embassy . On Aug. 7 , Bushnell , Trade Minister Joseph Kimotho and others had just ended a news conference in a building adjacent to the embassy . They were talking when the bomb  went off , killing 247 people and wounding more than 5,000 others . On Wednesday , Bushnell and Kimotho met again to finish their discussion , Bushnell  told Kenya Television . The ambassador was cut on her lip and hands in the blast , which damaged the embassy , shattered the glass shell of the 22-story Cooperative Bank House and toppled the six - story Ufundi House . Bushnell continued with her duties throughout the subsequent search and rescue at the blast scene , memorials for those slain , and the relocation to a temporary embassy . Kimotho , who was hospitalized with a head wound , said he and Bushnell had been talking about the slated visit of U.S. Commerce Secretary William Daley in September . His trip is still on , the embassy said . The blast in Nairobi occurred at almost exactly the same moment as an explosion ripped through the American Embassy in Tanzania 's commercial capital Dar es Salaam . The death toll in the Tanzania blast , initially 10 , has risen to 12 , hospital officials and family members said Wednesday . That brought the toll for both bombings to 259 . 	answer: positive
event: when the bomb went killing 247 people and wounding more than 5,000 others starts after Bushnell told Kenya Television story: NAIROBI , Kenya ( AP ) _ U.S. Ambassador Prudence Bushnell wrapped up some unfinished business on Wednesday , meeting with Kenya 's trade minister to finish talks that were interrupted by the car bombing of the embassy . On Aug. 7 , Bushnell , Trade Minister Joseph Kimotho and others had just ended a news conference in a building adjacent to the embassy . They were talking when the bomb  went off , killing 247 people and wounding more than 5,000 others . On Wednesday , Bushnell and Kimotho met again to finish their discussion , Bushnell  told Kenya Television . The ambassador was cut on her lip and hands in the blast , which damaged the embassy , shattered the glass shell of the 22-story Cooperative Bank House and toppled the six - story Ufundi House . Bushnell continued with her duties throughout the subsequent search and rescue at the blast scene , memorials for those slain , and the relocation to a temporary embassy . Kimotho , who was hospitalized with a head wound , said he and Bushnell had been talking about the slated visit of U.S. Commerce Secretary William Daley in September . His trip is still on , the embassy said . The blast in Nairobi occurred at almost exactly the same moment as an explosion ripped through the American Embassy in Tanzania 's commercial capital Dar es Salaam . The death toll in the Tanzania blast , initially 10 , has risen to 12 , hospital officials and family members said Wednesday . That brought the toll for both bombings to 259 . 	answer: negative
event: when the bomb went killing 247 people and wounding more than 5,000 others starts before Bushnell told Kenya Television story: NAIROBI , Kenya ( AP ) _ U.S. Ambassador Prudence Bushnell wrapped up some unfinished business on Wednesday , meeting with Kenya 's trade minister to finish talks that were interrupted by the car bombing of the embassy . On Aug. 7 , Bushnell , Trade Minister Joseph Kimotho and others had just ended a news conference in a building adjacent to the embassy . They were talking when the bomb  went off , killing 247 people and wounding more than 5,000 others . On Wednesday , Bushnell and Kimotho met again to finish their discussion , Bushnell  told Kenya Television . The ambassador was cut on her lip and hands in the blast , which damaged the embassy , shattered the glass shell of the 22-story Cooperative Bank House and toppled the six - story Ufundi House . Bushnell continued with her duties throughout the subsequent search and rescue at the blast scene , memorials for those slain , and the relocation to a temporary embassy . Kimotho , who was hospitalized with a head wound , said he and Bushnell had been talking about the slated visit of U.S. Commerce Secretary William Daley in September . His trip is still on , the embassy said . The blast in Nairobi occurred at almost exactly the same moment as an explosion ripped through the American Embassy in Tanzania 's commercial capital Dar es Salaam . The death toll in the Tanzania blast , initially 10 , has risen to 12 , hospital officials and family members said Wednesday . That brought the toll for both bombings to 259 . 	answer: positive
event: when the bomb went killing 247 people and wounding more than 5,000 others starts after Bushnell told Kenya Television story: NAIROBI , Kenya ( AP ) _ U.S. Ambassador Prudence Bushnell wrapped up some unfinished business on Wednesday , meeting with Kenya 's trade minister to finish talks that were interrupted by the car bombing of the embassy . On Aug. 7 , Bushnell , Trade Minister Joseph Kimotho and others had just ended a news conference in a building adjacent to the embassy . They were talking when the bomb  went off , killing 247 people and wounding more than 5,000 others . On Wednesday , Bushnell and Kimotho met again to finish their discussion , Bushnell  told Kenya Television . The ambassador was cut on her lip and hands in the blast , which damaged the embassy , shattered the glass shell of the 22-story Cooperative Bank House and toppled the six - story Ufundi House . Bushnell continued with her duties throughout the subsequent search and rescue at the blast scene , memorials for those slain , and the relocation to a temporary embassy . Kimotho , who was hospitalized with a head wound , said he and Bushnell had been talking about the slated visit of U.S. Commerce Secretary William Daley in September . His trip is still on , the embassy said . The blast in Nairobi occurred at almost exactly the same moment as an explosion ripped through the American Embassy in Tanzania 's commercial capital Dar es Salaam . The death toll in the Tanzania blast , initially 10 , has risen to 12 , hospital officials and family members said Wednesday . That brought the toll for both bombings to 259 . 	answer: negative
event: Elian 's father asked his Miami relatives to end their court battle after Thursday 's ruling and allow him to finally return home with his son starts before ` A child should simply be with his parents , always his parents the elder Gonzalez said through an interpreter story: The Miami relatives could also request a rehearing before the same three - judge panel that issued Thursday 's ruling , or before the entire 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeal . His mother died trying to smuggle Elian out of Cuba , and it has been difficult for family members , Miami community leaders and many politicians to separate attitudes about Cuban leader Fidel Castro from the legal issues involved . But the Immigration and Naturalization Service 's decision to deny Elian an asylum hearing was ` ` within the outside border of reasonable choices , ' ' the opinion read . ` ` We will keep fighting with the laws ... so Elian Gonzalez can live in a free country like his mother wanted , ' ' Lazaro Gonzalez said . Elian 's father  asked his Miami relatives to end their court battle after Thursday 's ruling and allow him to finally return home with his son . A district court judge upheld the federal agency . Juan Miguel Gonzalez arrived in the United States April 2 , and Reno ordered the Miami relatives to surrender the child to his father . The family refused , and federal agents took the child by force in a pre - dawn raid on the Miami relatives ' home on April 22 . But Reno said the request to Kennedy serves no purpose since the injunction blocking Elian 's return to Cuba still applies . 	answer: positive
event: Elian 's father asked his Miami relatives to end their court battle after Thursday 's ruling and allow him to finally return home with his son starts after ` A child should simply be with his parents , always his parents the elder Gonzalez said through an interpreter story: The Miami relatives could also request a rehearing before the same three - judge panel that issued Thursday 's ruling , or before the entire 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeal . His mother died trying to smuggle Elian out of Cuba , and it has been difficult for family members , Miami community leaders and many politicians to separate attitudes about Cuban leader Fidel Castro from the legal issues involved . But the Immigration and Naturalization Service 's decision to deny Elian an asylum hearing was ` ` within the outside border of reasonable choices , ' ' the opinion read . ` ` We will keep fighting with the laws ... so Elian Gonzalez can live in a free country like his mother wanted , ' ' Lazaro Gonzalez said . Elian 's father  asked his Miami relatives to end their court battle after Thursday 's ruling and allow him to finally return home with his son . A district court judge upheld the federal agency . Juan Miguel Gonzalez arrived in the United States April 2 , and Reno ordered the Miami relatives to surrender the child to his father . The family refused , and federal agents took the child by force in a pre - dawn raid on the Miami relatives ' home on April 22 . But Reno said the request to Kennedy serves no purpose since the injunction blocking Elian 's return to Cuba still applies . 	answer: negative
event: GM settle for a minority stake starts after its willingness to settle for a minority stake would keep Jaguar British - owned and independent story: GM sought U.S. antitrust clearance last week to purchase more than $ 15 million worth of Jaguar shares but does n't own any yet , according to GM officials here and at the company 's Detroit headquarters . Speculative investors , betting on an imminent clash between Ford and GM , pushed up Jaguar 's share price five pence ( eight U.S. cents ) to a near - record 720 pence ( $ 11.60 ) in late trading on London 's stock exchange yesterday . Since Tuesday , the shares have gained nearly 4 % . But an all - out bidding war between the world 's top auto giants for Britain 's leading luxury - car maker seems unlikely . " There 's some price at which we 'd stop bidding . " The golden share is a single share , but it is the magic share . The government retained the single share after selling its stake in Jaguar in 1984 -- part of a nationalistic practice of protecting former government - owned enterprises to deflect criticism of privatization . The government probably would n't give in readily to a hostile foray by Ford , however . He said Jaguar " should n't be smothered by anyone else , " recalled one participant . Politics also influences the government 's thinking on the anti - takeover restriction . The Conservatives do n't dare jeopardize marginal Tory seats in Coventry , where Jaguar has headquarters , nor can the government easily back down on promised protection for a privatized company while it proceeds with controversial plans to privatize most of Britain 's water and electricity industries . 	answer: positive
event: GM settle for a minority stake starts before its willingness to settle for a minority stake would keep Jaguar British - owned and independent story: GM sought U.S. antitrust clearance last week to purchase more than $ 15 million worth of Jaguar shares but does n't own any yet , according to GM officials here and at the company 's Detroit headquarters . Speculative investors , betting on an imminent clash between Ford and GM , pushed up Jaguar 's share price five pence ( eight U.S. cents ) to a near - record 720 pence ( $ 11.60 ) in late trading on London 's stock exchange yesterday . Since Tuesday , the shares have gained nearly 4 % . But an all - out bidding war between the world 's top auto giants for Britain 's leading luxury - car maker seems unlikely . " There 's some price at which we 'd stop bidding . " The golden share is a single share , but it is the magic share . The government retained the single share after selling its stake in Jaguar in 1984 -- part of a nationalistic practice of protecting former government - owned enterprises to deflect criticism of privatization . The government probably would n't give in readily to a hostile foray by Ford , however . He said Jaguar " should n't be smothered by anyone else , " recalled one participant . Politics also influences the government 's thinking on the anti - takeover restriction . The Conservatives do n't dare jeopardize marginal Tory seats in Coventry , where Jaguar has headquarters , nor can the government easily back down on promised protection for a privatized company while it proceeds with controversial plans to privatize most of Britain 's water and electricity industries . 	answer: negative
event: Very few ' ' of the 2,500 Americans in occupied Kuwait complied with the order starts before ` Very few ' ' of the 2,500 Americans in occupied Kuwait complied with the order a senior U.S. official told The Associated Press story: ` ` Very few ' ' of the 2,500 Americans in occupied Kuwait  complied with the order , a senior U.S. official  told The Associated Press . Iraq said the roundup was to protect them from unspecified threats ; British Foreign Office minister William Waldegrave called the order ` ` grave and sinister . ' ' ` ` What we fear is that they will be interned somewhere , most likely in Iraq , ' ' Waldegrave said . Iraq has called them ` ` restrictees . ' ' In a long verbal attack read on Iraqi television Thursday , Saddam repeatedly called Bush ` ` a liar ' ' and said a shooting war could produce body bags courtesy of Baghdad . Saddam said . but it appears to be just another example of his outlandish rhetoric and his attempts to distort the truth . The U.S. Navy has 27 ships in the maritime barricade of Iraq . That could include firing across the bow to halt a ship . He declined to say if the weapons included missiles , but the Iraqis have them in their arsenal . The economic chokehold appears to be working . Bush 's chief objective in his meeting with Hussein was to press the king to shut down Iraq 's food and oil supply route from Aqaba on the Red Sea . Aqaba is Iraq 's only outlet now that an international noose has tightened . Hussein said . Hussein said . Thirty - two of the 159 U.N. members had filed compliance reports by Wednesday , and all were honoring the sanctions Iraq . 	answer: positive
event: Very few ' ' of the 2,500 Americans in occupied Kuwait complied with the order starts after ` Very few ' ' of the 2,500 Americans in occupied Kuwait complied with the order a senior U.S. official told The Associated Press story: ` ` Very few ' ' of the 2,500 Americans in occupied Kuwait  complied with the order , a senior U.S. official  told The Associated Press . Iraq said the roundup was to protect them from unspecified threats ; British Foreign Office minister William Waldegrave called the order ` ` grave and sinister . ' ' ` ` What we fear is that they will be interned somewhere , most likely in Iraq , ' ' Waldegrave said . Iraq has called them ` ` restrictees . ' ' In a long verbal attack read on Iraqi television Thursday , Saddam repeatedly called Bush ` ` a liar ' ' and said a shooting war could produce body bags courtesy of Baghdad . Saddam said . but it appears to be just another example of his outlandish rhetoric and his attempts to distort the truth . The U.S. Navy has 27 ships in the maritime barricade of Iraq . That could include firing across the bow to halt a ship . He declined to say if the weapons included missiles , but the Iraqis have them in their arsenal . The economic chokehold appears to be working . Bush 's chief objective in his meeting with Hussein was to press the king to shut down Iraq 's food and oil supply route from Aqaba on the Red Sea . Aqaba is Iraq 's only outlet now that an international noose has tightened . Hussein said . Hussein said . Thirty - two of the 159 U.N. members had filed compliance reports by Wednesday , and all were honoring the sanctions Iraq . 	answer: negative
event: We maintain our forces in the region for the foreseeable future starts before said spokesman Kenneth Bacon story: ` ` All sites were inspected to the satisfaction of the inspection team and with full cooperation of Iraqi authorities , ' ' Dacey said . At least one of the sensitive sites was a barracks of the elite Republican Guard , a well - placed source told The Associated Press . Previously the Iraqis have resisted attempts to inspect such quarters . Iraq alleged Ritter was an American spy whose team had a disproportionately high number of Americans and Britons . The official said these sites could only be visited by a special team of U.N. monitors and diplomats as laid down by the Feb. 23 accord signed by U.N. Secretary - General Kofi Annan and Iraqi Deputy Prime Minister Tariq Aziz . Ritter 's return is seen as something of a test of that agreement , under which Iraq agreed to give inspectors full access to eight of Saddam Hussein 's presidential palaces . The United States had moved additional troops and a naval armada into the Gulf and said it would strike Iraq unless it gave the U.N. arms inspectors unfettered access to all potential weapons sites , including Saddam 's palaces . ` ` We are going to  maintain our forces in the region for the foreseeable future , ' '  said spokesman Kenneth Bacon . Palace inspections are not expected to start until the new agreement 's procedures are in place . U.N. officials in New York on Friday finished drafting the rules , in consultation with Iraqi diplomats . The Security Council has said it will not lift the sweeping sanctions imposed on Iraq after its 1990 invasion of Kuwait until the U.N. inspectors certify that Baghdad has eliminated its weapons of mass destruction . 	answer: positive
event: We maintain our forces in the region for the foreseeable future starts after said spokesman Kenneth Bacon story: ` ` All sites were inspected to the satisfaction of the inspection team and with full cooperation of Iraqi authorities , ' ' Dacey said . At least one of the sensitive sites was a barracks of the elite Republican Guard , a well - placed source told The Associated Press . Previously the Iraqis have resisted attempts to inspect such quarters . Iraq alleged Ritter was an American spy whose team had a disproportionately high number of Americans and Britons . The official said these sites could only be visited by a special team of U.N. monitors and diplomats as laid down by the Feb. 23 accord signed by U.N. Secretary - General Kofi Annan and Iraqi Deputy Prime Minister Tariq Aziz . Ritter 's return is seen as something of a test of that agreement , under which Iraq agreed to give inspectors full access to eight of Saddam Hussein 's presidential palaces . The United States had moved additional troops and a naval armada into the Gulf and said it would strike Iraq unless it gave the U.N. arms inspectors unfettered access to all potential weapons sites , including Saddam 's palaces . ` ` We are going to  maintain our forces in the region for the foreseeable future , ' '  said spokesman Kenneth Bacon . Palace inspections are not expected to start until the new agreement 's procedures are in place . U.N. officials in New York on Friday finished drafting the rules , in consultation with Iraqi diplomats . The Security Council has said it will not lift the sweeping sanctions imposed on Iraq after its 1990 invasion of Kuwait until the U.N. inspectors certify that Baghdad has eliminated its weapons of mass destruction . 	answer: negative
event: The feeling is the Clinton administration might send federal agents to pull him out of here said Sergio Navarro , a 39-year - old Miami businessman who spent part of Sunday night with chanting protesters starts after chanting protesters story: The 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Atlanta has been asked by the U.S. government to suspend a ruling by one of its judges that prevents the removal of Elian from the country . He has said he will wait out appeals by the Miami relatives seeking an asylum hearing for Elian before the same court -- but only if he has custody of his son . The feeling is the Clinton administration might send federal agents to pull him out of here , ' '  said Sergio Navarro , a 39-year - old Miami businessman who spent part of Sunday night with  chanting protesters . The Clinton administration has pushed for the boy 's return to his father , ruling only he can speak for his son on immigration matters . The Justice Department wants the appeals court to suspend the temporary injunction issued Thursday and also order Elian 's great - uncle , Lazaro Gonzalez , to release the boy . He said they have manipulated his son to believe that his mother still may show up someday -- in this country . ' ' Gonzalez said he did n't believe a much - publicized video taped at the relatives ' home in which his son said he did n't want to go . He 's told me so , ' ' Gonzalez said . He can not decide for himself . During the time of the broadcast on Sunday , family members and Elian were outside the home of Lazaro Gonzalez and did not publicly comment after the show . He 's not telling the truth . ' ' 	answer: positive
event: The feeling is the Clinton administration might send federal agents to pull him out of here said Sergio Navarro , a 39-year - old Miami businessman who spent part of Sunday night with chanting protesters starts before chanting protesters story: The 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Atlanta has been asked by the U.S. government to suspend a ruling by one of its judges that prevents the removal of Elian from the country . He has said he will wait out appeals by the Miami relatives seeking an asylum hearing for Elian before the same court -- but only if he has custody of his son . The feeling is the Clinton administration might send federal agents to pull him out of here , ' '  said Sergio Navarro , a 39-year - old Miami businessman who spent part of Sunday night with  chanting protesters . The Clinton administration has pushed for the boy 's return to his father , ruling only he can speak for his son on immigration matters . The Justice Department wants the appeals court to suspend the temporary injunction issued Thursday and also order Elian 's great - uncle , Lazaro Gonzalez , to release the boy . He said they have manipulated his son to believe that his mother still may show up someday -- in this country . ' ' Gonzalez said he did n't believe a much - publicized video taped at the relatives ' home in which his son said he did n't want to go . He 's told me so , ' ' Gonzalez said . He can not decide for himself . During the time of the broadcast on Sunday , family members and Elian were outside the home of Lazaro Gonzalez and did not publicly comment after the show . He 's not telling the truth . ' ' 	answer: negative
event: Elian 's Miami relatives who fighting to keep the boy in the United States starts before said they think Gonzalez is being controlled by Fidel Castro 's government story: ` ` We are worried not only about his prolonged kidnapping , ' ' Juan Miguel Gonzalez wrote in a letter published on the front page of the Communist Party daily Granma . ` ` We lack direct information about the concrete conditions to which he is subjected in his daily life . ' ' It was likely to be opposed by Elian 's Miami relatives , who are  fighting to keep the boy in the United States and who have  said they think Gonzalez is being controlled by Fidel Castro 's government . Gonzalez also wrote to Attorney General Janet Reno earlier this week , demanding that Elian be returned to him and saying he does not recognize the courts hearing the custody battle . ` ` I formally object to the legal moves made or being made by those who are arbitrarily retaining Elian , ' ' Gonzalez said in the letter , dated Monday . In the letter , Gonzalez said he does not recognize the jurisdiction of theU.S. court system , which is weighing an attempt by Elian 's Miami relatives to block his return to Cuba . Cuban exiles in Miami say the boy 's mother died to give him freedom in the United States , while theCuban government maintains Elian is being improperly kept from his father . ` ` Juan Miguel must not have written the letter himself , ' ' said Armando Gutierrez , spokesman for Elian 's relatives in Miami . U.S. government lawyers have moved to dismiss the Miami relatives ' lawsuit , arguing that they have no legal standing in the boy 's case . 	answer: positive
event: Elian 's Miami relatives who fighting to keep the boy in the United States starts after said they think Gonzalez is being controlled by Fidel Castro 's government story: ` ` We are worried not only about his prolonged kidnapping , ' ' Juan Miguel Gonzalez wrote in a letter published on the front page of the Communist Party daily Granma . ` ` We lack direct information about the concrete conditions to which he is subjected in his daily life . ' ' It was likely to be opposed by Elian 's Miami relatives , who are  fighting to keep the boy in the United States and who have  said they think Gonzalez is being controlled by Fidel Castro 's government . Gonzalez also wrote to Attorney General Janet Reno earlier this week , demanding that Elian be returned to him and saying he does not recognize the courts hearing the custody battle . ` ` I formally object to the legal moves made or being made by those who are arbitrarily retaining Elian , ' ' Gonzalez said in the letter , dated Monday . In the letter , Gonzalez said he does not recognize the jurisdiction of theU.S. court system , which is weighing an attempt by Elian 's Miami relatives to block his return to Cuba . Cuban exiles in Miami say the boy 's mother died to give him freedom in the United States , while theCuban government maintains Elian is being improperly kept from his father . ` ` Juan Miguel must not have written the letter himself , ' ' said Armando Gutierrez , spokesman for Elian 's relatives in Miami . U.S. government lawyers have moved to dismiss the Miami relatives ' lawsuit , arguing that they have no legal standing in the boy 's case . 	answer: negative
event: Elian especially loved by his parents because the mother had earlier suffered seven miscarriages starts after the mother earlier suffered seven miscarriages story: President Fidel Castro said Friday she had been ` ` practically kidnapped ' ' by the boyfriend who perished along with her on the boat wreck her 6-year - old son survived . Castro 's remarks to a conference of economists were aimed at those who say that Elian should remain in the United States because his mother sacrificed his life to take her to ` ` freedom , ' ' a vision he called a cliche . Castro called Munero -- who reportedly drove a taxi and engaged in unofficial businesses in the Cuban city of Cardenas -- a ` ` ruffian ' ' on whom Cuban police had amassed ' ' 100 pages of reports . ' ' The Cuban leader said Elian had been especially  loved by his parents because the mother had earlier  suffered seven miscarriages . ' The commemorations began early Friday morning , as tens of thousands of Cubans marched through Havana 's streets by torchlight . In Old Havana , hundreds of children marched around the Parque Central chanting ` ` We will save Elian ! ' ' A small group of girls wore construction paper handcuffs -- an apparent reference to the government 's characterization of Elian 's retention in the United States as a ` ` kidnapping . ' ' His mother and 10 others died at sea while trying to reach the United States . For the past two months , Elian 's father has demanded that the boy be returned to him in Cuba , and the U.S. government has said that father and son should be reunited . In an interview with the Spanish language broadcast of CNN , Elian 's father also criticized how the meeting was handled . ' 	answer: positive
event: Elian especially loved by his parents because the mother had earlier suffered seven miscarriages starts before the mother earlier suffered seven miscarriages story: President Fidel Castro said Friday she had been ` ` practically kidnapped ' ' by the boyfriend who perished along with her on the boat wreck her 6-year - old son survived . Castro 's remarks to a conference of economists were aimed at those who say that Elian should remain in the United States because his mother sacrificed his life to take her to ` ` freedom , ' ' a vision he called a cliche . Castro called Munero -- who reportedly drove a taxi and engaged in unofficial businesses in the Cuban city of Cardenas -- a ` ` ruffian ' ' on whom Cuban police had amassed ' ' 100 pages of reports . ' ' The Cuban leader said Elian had been especially  loved by his parents because the mother had earlier  suffered seven miscarriages . ' The commemorations began early Friday morning , as tens of thousands of Cubans marched through Havana 's streets by torchlight . In Old Havana , hundreds of children marched around the Parque Central chanting ` ` We will save Elian ! ' ' A small group of girls wore construction paper handcuffs -- an apparent reference to the government 's characterization of Elian 's retention in the United States as a ` ` kidnapping . ' ' His mother and 10 others died at sea while trying to reach the United States . For the past two months , Elian 's father has demanded that the boy be returned to him in Cuba , and the U.S. government has said that father and son should be reunited . In an interview with the Spanish language broadcast of CNN , Elian 's father also criticized how the meeting was handled . ' 	answer: negative
event: Doris Meissner , the INS commissioner , made it clear that the service had followed established policy in the case starts after the service followed established policy in the case story: The New York Times says in an editorial on Thursday , Jan. 6 : & amp;QL ; The U.S. Immigration and Naturalization Service made a reasonable decision Wednesday in ruling that Elian Gonzalez , the 6-year - old boy who survived an ill - fated migrant smuggling trip across the Florida Straits , should be reunited with his father back in Cuba . Moreover , by setting a Jan. 14 return date , the immigration service allowed Elian 's American relatives time to test the ruling in court . Elian was one of 13 Cubans who were trying to cross from Cuba to Florida six weeks ago on a 17-foot aluminum powerboat when it capsized . The boy clung to an inner tube for two days and was plucked from the Atlantic on Thanksgiving Day and brought ashore . He was immediately released into the custody of relatives in Miami _ and just as quickly embraced as a pawn in the poisonous estrangement between Fidel Castro 's regime and its opponents in exile . ` ` This little boy , who has been through so much , belongs with his father , ' ' Meissner said Wednesday , adding that ` ` the unique relationship between parent and child and family reunification has long been a cornerstone of both American immigration law and INS practice . ' ' Some of their more militant supporters in Miami , decrying the prospect that the boy will be used as a ` ` trophy ' ' by Castro , have indicated they may try to disrupt efforts to reunite Elian with his father . 	answer: positive
event: Doris Meissner , the INS commissioner , made it clear that the service had followed established policy in the case starts before the service followed established policy in the case story: The New York Times says in an editorial on Thursday , Jan. 6 : & amp;QL ; The U.S. Immigration and Naturalization Service made a reasonable decision Wednesday in ruling that Elian Gonzalez , the 6-year - old boy who survived an ill - fated migrant smuggling trip across the Florida Straits , should be reunited with his father back in Cuba . Moreover , by setting a Jan. 14 return date , the immigration service allowed Elian 's American relatives time to test the ruling in court . Elian was one of 13 Cubans who were trying to cross from Cuba to Florida six weeks ago on a 17-foot aluminum powerboat when it capsized . The boy clung to an inner tube for two days and was plucked from the Atlantic on Thanksgiving Day and brought ashore . He was immediately released into the custody of relatives in Miami _ and just as quickly embraced as a pawn in the poisonous estrangement between Fidel Castro 's regime and its opponents in exile . ` ` This little boy , who has been through so much , belongs with his father , ' ' Meissner said Wednesday , adding that ` ` the unique relationship between parent and child and family reunification has long been a cornerstone of both American immigration law and INS practice . ' ' Some of their more militant supporters in Miami , decrying the prospect that the boy will be used as a ` ` trophy ' ' by Castro , have indicated they may try to disrupt efforts to reunite Elian with his father . 	answer: negative
event: NATO which will celebrate its 50th anniversary in Washington next month starts after In the aftermath of the Cold War she said NATO must be ready to face ` ` an aggressive regime , a rampaging faction , or a terrorist group story: In Hungary , NATO members ' flags were raised outside the Defense Ministry . But the policy also faced critics , who argued that welcoming these three new countries would draw a new line across Europe and antagonize the Russians . In her speech , in the small auditorium where dignitaries from the three countries sat and the three foreign ministers flanked her on the stage , Albright countered that NATO would now do ` ` for Europe 's East what NATO has already helped to do for Europe 's West . Steadily and systematically , we will continue erasing _ without replacing _ the line drawn in Europe by Stalin 's bloody boot . ' ' The poster showed a picture of Gary Cooper from the film ` ` High Noon . ' ' ` ` It helped us to win , ' ' On April 4 , 1949 , on behalf of the United States , Truman 's secretary of state , Dean Acheson , signed the Washington Treaty , which created NATO . Acheson is Albright 's favorite predecessor , her aides said . These conversations are remembered by Clinton 's foreign policy team because they took place after the opening of the Holocaust Museum and because they involved two very different Central European leaders who brought the same message . Poland has been sensitive to the reactions of Russia to its membership of NATO , and Geremek has gone out of his way to reassure the Russians . Even so , on the secretary of state 's plane carrying Albright and the three foreign ministers to the ceremony Friday , the ministers were asked whether they could ever foresee Russia as a member of NATO . 	answer: positive
event: NATO which will celebrate its 50th anniversary in Washington next month starts before In the aftermath of the Cold War she said NATO must be ready to face ` ` an aggressive regime , a rampaging faction , or a terrorist group story: In Hungary , NATO members ' flags were raised outside the Defense Ministry . But the policy also faced critics , who argued that welcoming these three new countries would draw a new line across Europe and antagonize the Russians . In her speech , in the small auditorium where dignitaries from the three countries sat and the three foreign ministers flanked her on the stage , Albright countered that NATO would now do ` ` for Europe 's East what NATO has already helped to do for Europe 's West . Steadily and systematically , we will continue erasing _ without replacing _ the line drawn in Europe by Stalin 's bloody boot . ' ' The poster showed a picture of Gary Cooper from the film ` ` High Noon . ' ' ` ` It helped us to win , ' ' On April 4 , 1949 , on behalf of the United States , Truman 's secretary of state , Dean Acheson , signed the Washington Treaty , which created NATO . Acheson is Albright 's favorite predecessor , her aides said . These conversations are remembered by Clinton 's foreign policy team because they took place after the opening of the Holocaust Museum and because they involved two very different Central European leaders who brought the same message . Poland has been sensitive to the reactions of Russia to its membership of NATO , and Geremek has gone out of his way to reassure the Russians . Even so , on the secretary of state 's plane carrying Albright and the three foreign ministers to the ceremony Friday , the ministers were asked whether they could ever foresee Russia as a member of NATO . 	answer: negative
event: Even before the killing Schumer tyring to draw more attention to the anti - abortion record of his opponent , Senator Alfonse D'Amato , a Republican who is also running on the Right to Life Party line starts before a New York Times / CBS News poll completed on Saturday story: In the race for attorney general , the Democratic candidate , Eliot Spitzer , who favors abortion rights , has moved quickly to make the anti - abortion position of his opponent , Attorney General Dennis Vacco , a central issue in the campaign . Slepian was shot in the back on Friday night as he stood in his kitchen . Slepian 's death was among the first topics raised in Saturday night 's debate between the two men , and it was instantly followed by a question to D'Amato on whether he opposed first - trimester abortions for adult women . Now , Ms. Conlin said , it will have new resonance , and the organization is considering buying more air time . ` ` But sensitivities are so heightened from the shooting in western New York that it 's even more powerful . ' ' David Eichenbaum , a Democratic political consultant who is not working for anyone in this year 's campaign , said abortion ` ` is no longer the driving issue it once was , at least on the pro - choice side . ' ' ` ` Both Senator D'Amato and Chuck Schumer agree this was a horrific crime and a horrible tragedy , ' ' said Josh Isay , Schumer 's campaign manager . Steven Goldstein , the campaign spokesman for Spitzer , was less reticent . ` ` Eliot is going to make a huge priority of this , ' ' A federal judge removed Vacco , then the U.S. attorney for western New York , from the case . 	answer: positive
event: Even before the killing Schumer tyring to draw more attention to the anti - abortion record of his opponent , Senator Alfonse D'Amato , a Republican who is also running on the Right to Life Party line starts after a New York Times / CBS News poll completed on Saturday story: In the race for attorney general , the Democratic candidate , Eliot Spitzer , who favors abortion rights , has moved quickly to make the anti - abortion position of his opponent , Attorney General Dennis Vacco , a central issue in the campaign . Slepian was shot in the back on Friday night as he stood in his kitchen . Slepian 's death was among the first topics raised in Saturday night 's debate between the two men , and it was instantly followed by a question to D'Amato on whether he opposed first - trimester abortions for adult women . Now , Ms. Conlin said , it will have new resonance , and the organization is considering buying more air time . ` ` But sensitivities are so heightened from the shooting in western New York that it 's even more powerful . ' ' David Eichenbaum , a Democratic political consultant who is not working for anyone in this year 's campaign , said abortion ` ` is no longer the driving issue it once was , at least on the pro - choice side . ' ' ` ` Both Senator D'Amato and Chuck Schumer agree this was a horrific crime and a horrible tragedy , ' ' said Josh Isay , Schumer 's campaign manager . Steven Goldstein , the campaign spokesman for Spitzer , was less reticent . ` ` Eliot is going to make a huge priority of this , ' ' A federal judge removed Vacco , then the U.S. attorney for western New York , from the case . 	answer: negative
event: The key to Delta 's record earnings continued to be excellent passenger revenue growth starts before The key to Delta 's record earnings continued to be excellent passenger revenue growth said Thomas Roeck , chief financial officer story: The Atlanta - based airline , the third largest in the U.S. , attributed the increase to higher passenger traffic , new international routes and reduced service by rival Eastern Airlines , which is in bankruptcy proceedings in the wake of a strike that began last spring . For the quarter ended Sept. 30 , Delta posted net income of $ 133.1 million , or $ 2.53 a share , up from $ 100 million , or $ 2.03 a share , a year earlier . " The key to Delta 's record earnings  continued to be excellent passenger revenue growth , "  said Thomas Roeck , chief financial officer . Although Eastern is back to about 80 % of its pre - strike schedule now , the Texas Air Corp. subsidiary was only beginning to get back on its feet during the quarter . Separately , America West Airlines , Phoenix , Ariz. , reported third - quarter profit jumped 45 % to $ 5.8 million , or 28 cents a share , from $ 4 million , or 24 cents a share , a year earlier . The latest results include a $ 2.6 million one - time payment from a " foreign entity . America West would n't identify the entity , but said the payment was for the foreign company 's use of certain tax benefits in connection with America West plane purchases . Year - earlier results included an extraordinary gain of $ 1.6 million from a buy - back of convertible subordinated debentures . Revenue rose 21 % to $ 243.4 million from $ 201.2 million . 	answer: positive
event: The key to Delta 's record earnings continued to be excellent passenger revenue growth starts after The key to Delta 's record earnings continued to be excellent passenger revenue growth said Thomas Roeck , chief financial officer story: The Atlanta - based airline , the third largest in the U.S. , attributed the increase to higher passenger traffic , new international routes and reduced service by rival Eastern Airlines , which is in bankruptcy proceedings in the wake of a strike that began last spring . For the quarter ended Sept. 30 , Delta posted net income of $ 133.1 million , or $ 2.53 a share , up from $ 100 million , or $ 2.03 a share , a year earlier . " The key to Delta 's record earnings  continued to be excellent passenger revenue growth , "  said Thomas Roeck , chief financial officer . Although Eastern is back to about 80 % of its pre - strike schedule now , the Texas Air Corp. subsidiary was only beginning to get back on its feet during the quarter . Separately , America West Airlines , Phoenix , Ariz. , reported third - quarter profit jumped 45 % to $ 5.8 million , or 28 cents a share , from $ 4 million , or 24 cents a share , a year earlier . The latest results include a $ 2.6 million one - time payment from a " foreign entity . America West would n't identify the entity , but said the payment was for the foreign company 's use of certain tax benefits in connection with America West plane purchases . Year - earlier results included an extraordinary gain of $ 1.6 million from a buy - back of convertible subordinated debentures . Revenue rose 21 % to $ 243.4 million from $ 201.2 million . 	answer: negative
event: said to be carrying starts after the message the king carrying story: In a letter to President Hashemi Rafsanjani of Iran , read by a broadcaster over Baghdad radio , Saddam said he will begin withdrawing troops from Iranian territory on Friday and release Iranian prisoners of war . Soviet Foreign Ministry spokesman Yuri Gremitskikh said special ambassador Mikhail Sytenko left Tuesday for consultations with the governments of Syria , Jordan , Egypt and other Arab countries . Sytenko , a former deputy secretary - general of the United Nations , is also expected to visit Baghdad , Gremitskikh said at a regular news briefing today . Spokesman Yuri Gremitskikh said the first group of 230 evacuees was assembling in Baghdad today , but evacuation plans were hampered by desert heat and lack of transportation . The U.N. Security Council on Aug. 6 ordered a global embargo on trade with Iraq as punishment for seizing Kuwait . The predominantly Moslem nation of Bangladesh said today its troops would join multinational forces in Saudi Arabia . In an interview from Jordan on ABC , he declined to discuss details , but said : ` ` I do n't think that his majesty would be traveling at this crucial moment if the Iraqi leadership did not have a rational approach to the future . ' Bush told a news conference on Tuesday that the naval barricade now in force might be extended to Jordan 's Aqaba ` ` if it is a hole through which commerce flows ' ' in and out of Iraq . It accused Kuwait of deliberately slashing Iraqi oil revenues by overproducing oil and driving down prices , among other charges . 	answer: positive
event: said to be carrying starts before the message the king carrying story: In a letter to President Hashemi Rafsanjani of Iran , read by a broadcaster over Baghdad radio , Saddam said he will begin withdrawing troops from Iranian territory on Friday and release Iranian prisoners of war . Soviet Foreign Ministry spokesman Yuri Gremitskikh said special ambassador Mikhail Sytenko left Tuesday for consultations with the governments of Syria , Jordan , Egypt and other Arab countries . Sytenko , a former deputy secretary - general of the United Nations , is also expected to visit Baghdad , Gremitskikh said at a regular news briefing today . Spokesman Yuri Gremitskikh said the first group of 230 evacuees was assembling in Baghdad today , but evacuation plans were hampered by desert heat and lack of transportation . The U.N. Security Council on Aug. 6 ordered a global embargo on trade with Iraq as punishment for seizing Kuwait . The predominantly Moslem nation of Bangladesh said today its troops would join multinational forces in Saudi Arabia . In an interview from Jordan on ABC , he declined to discuss details , but said : ` ` I do n't think that his majesty would be traveling at this crucial moment if the Iraqi leadership did not have a rational approach to the future . ' Bush told a news conference on Tuesday that the naval barricade now in force might be extended to Jordan 's Aqaba ` ` if it is a hole through which commerce flows ' ' in and out of Iraq . It accused Kuwait of deliberately slashing Iraqi oil revenues by overproducing oil and driving down prices , among other charges . 	answer: negative
event: But as the craze died Coleco failed to come up with another winner starts before But as the craze died Coleco filed for bankruptcy - law protection in July 1988 story: Coleco Industries Inc. , a once high - flying toy maker whose stock peaked at $ 65 a share in the early 1980s , filed a Chapter 11 reorganization plan that provides just 1.125 cents a share for common stockholders . Under the plan , unsecured creditors , who are owed about $ 430 million , would receive about $ 92 million , or 21 cents for each dollar they are owed . In addition , they will receive stock in the reorganized company , which will be named Ranger Industries Inc. After these payments , about $ 225,000 will be available for the 20 million common shares outstanding . The Avon , Conn. , company 's stock hit a high in 1983 after it unveiled its Adam home computer , but the product was plagued with glitches and the company 's fortunes plunged . But Coleco bounced back with the introduction of the Cabbage Patch dolls , whose sales hit $ 600 million in 1985 . But as the craze died , Coleco  failed to come up with another winner and  filed for bankruptcy - law protection in July 1988 . The plan was filed jointly with unsecured creditors in federal bankruptcy court in New York and must be approved by the court . 	answer: positive
event: But as the craze died Coleco failed to come up with another winner starts after But as the craze died Coleco filed for bankruptcy - law protection in July 1988 story: Coleco Industries Inc. , a once high - flying toy maker whose stock peaked at $ 65 a share in the early 1980s , filed a Chapter 11 reorganization plan that provides just 1.125 cents a share for common stockholders . Under the plan , unsecured creditors , who are owed about $ 430 million , would receive about $ 92 million , or 21 cents for each dollar they are owed . In addition , they will receive stock in the reorganized company , which will be named Ranger Industries Inc. After these payments , about $ 225,000 will be available for the 20 million common shares outstanding . The Avon , Conn. , company 's stock hit a high in 1983 after it unveiled its Adam home computer , but the product was plagued with glitches and the company 's fortunes plunged . But Coleco bounced back with the introduction of the Cabbage Patch dolls , whose sales hit $ 600 million in 1985 . But as the craze died , Coleco  failed to come up with another winner and  filed for bankruptcy - law protection in July 1988 . The plan was filed jointly with unsecured creditors in federal bankruptcy court in New York and must be approved by the court . 	answer: negative
event: the January 1998 bombing of a Birmingham , Ala. , abortion clinic that maimed a nurse starts after the 1996 Olympic bombing that killed one person story: BUFFALO , N.Y. ( AP ) -- Dr. Barnett Slepian , just back from synagogue , was heating soup in his kitchen last fall when he was gunned down with a single shot through a window . But for the first time , authorities have named a suspect in the slaying -- anti - abortion activist James Kopp . ` ` Today , I 'm here to tell you we have our suspect , ' ' said Bernard Tolbert , special agent - in - charge of the FBI 's Buffalo office . Kopp , 44 , of St. Albans , Vt . , became the subject of an international manhunt in November when he was called a witness in the case . He was charged Thursday in state and federal complaints with second - degree murder and with violating the Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act by using deadly force against an abortion doctor . The federal charge also carries a fine of up to $ 250,000 . Kopp 's whereabouts remain unknown . Investigators would not divulge the evidence against Kopp but said last month 's discovery of a scope - equipped rifle buried near the Slepian home represented a major breakthrough . The filing of the charges has intensified interest in Kopp as a suspect in three non - fatal sniper attacks on Canadian abortion providers , and one near Rochester , N.Y. , between 1994 and 1997 . Kopp is now the second anti - abortion activist being sought by the FBI as a suspect in a fatal attack . Eric Rudolph has been on the run since the January 1998 bombing of a Birmingham , Ala. , abortion clinic that killed an off - duty police officer and  maimed a nurse . 	answer: positive
event: the January 1998 bombing of a Birmingham , Ala. , abortion clinic that maimed a nurse starts before the 1996 Olympic bombing that killed one person story: BUFFALO , N.Y. ( AP ) -- Dr. Barnett Slepian , just back from synagogue , was heating soup in his kitchen last fall when he was gunned down with a single shot through a window . But for the first time , authorities have named a suspect in the slaying -- anti - abortion activist James Kopp . ` ` Today , I 'm here to tell you we have our suspect , ' ' said Bernard Tolbert , special agent - in - charge of the FBI 's Buffalo office . Kopp , 44 , of St. Albans , Vt . , became the subject of an international manhunt in November when he was called a witness in the case . He was charged Thursday in state and federal complaints with second - degree murder and with violating the Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act by using deadly force against an abortion doctor . The federal charge also carries a fine of up to $ 250,000 . Kopp 's whereabouts remain unknown . Investigators would not divulge the evidence against Kopp but said last month 's discovery of a scope - equipped rifle buried near the Slepian home represented a major breakthrough . The filing of the charges has intensified interest in Kopp as a suspect in three non - fatal sniper attacks on Canadian abortion providers , and one near Rochester , N.Y. , between 1994 and 1997 . Kopp is now the second anti - abortion activist being sought by the FBI as a suspect in a fatal attack . Eric Rudolph has been on the run since the January 1998 bombing of a Birmingham , Ala. , abortion clinic that killed an off - duty police officer and  maimed a nurse . 	answer: negative
event: They yelled when the decision was announced starts before In a statement read on Cuban television Castro 's government expressed its displeasure at still another delay in Elian 's return story: ( Undated ) Elian Gonzalez will remain in the United States for at least two more weeks even after a federal appeals court Thursday refused to order a political asylum hearing for the fought - over Cuban child . But Thursday 's decision made it clear the family has only 14 days to decide whether to request a rehearing at that level . & amp;UR ; & amp;LR ; ` ` Expect no extensions , ' ' the court instructed . His mother died trying to smuggle Elian out of Cuba , and it has been difficult for family members , Miami community leaders and many politicians to separate attitudes about Cuban leader Fidel Castro from the legal issues involved . ` ` We acknowledge , as a widely accepted truth , that Cuba does violate human rights and fundamental freedoms and does not guarantee the rule of law to people living in Cuba , ' ' wrote Judge J.L. Edmonson , on behalf of the panel . But the Immigration and Naturalization Service 's decision to deny Elian an asylum hearing was ` ` within the outside border of reasonable choices , ' ' the opinion read . The judges denied , however , a request by Elian 's father to name him instead of great - uncle Lazaro Gonzalez as Elian 's representative in the continued court proceedings . The family refused , and federal agents took the child by force in a pre - dawn raid on the Miami relatives ' home on April 22 . Basulto said . 	answer: positive
event: They yelled when the decision was announced starts after In a statement read on Cuban television Castro 's government expressed its displeasure at still another delay in Elian 's return story: ( Undated ) Elian Gonzalez will remain in the United States for at least two more weeks even after a federal appeals court Thursday refused to order a political asylum hearing for the fought - over Cuban child . But Thursday 's decision made it clear the family has only 14 days to decide whether to request a rehearing at that level . & amp;UR ; & amp;LR ; ` ` Expect no extensions , ' ' the court instructed . His mother died trying to smuggle Elian out of Cuba , and it has been difficult for family members , Miami community leaders and many politicians to separate attitudes about Cuban leader Fidel Castro from the legal issues involved . ` ` We acknowledge , as a widely accepted truth , that Cuba does violate human rights and fundamental freedoms and does not guarantee the rule of law to people living in Cuba , ' ' wrote Judge J.L. Edmonson , on behalf of the panel . But the Immigration and Naturalization Service 's decision to deny Elian an asylum hearing was ` ` within the outside border of reasonable choices , ' ' the opinion read . The judges denied , however , a request by Elian 's father to name him instead of great - uncle Lazaro Gonzalez as Elian 's representative in the continued court proceedings . The family refused , and federal agents took the child by force in a pre - dawn raid on the Miami relatives ' home on April 22 . Basulto said . 	answer: negative
event: Weisfield 's rocketed 9 1/2 to 39 after the jewelry store operator said it is in preliminary discussions , with a party it would n't identify , regarding the possible acquisition of the company starts before the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. approved Dime Savings Bank of New York 's $ 21-a - share acquisition of Starpointe story: The portion of OTC volume attributable to program trading is n't known , as it is on the New York Stock Exchange , where it amounted to more than 13 % in September . Other market - maker gripes : Program trading also causes the Nasdaq Composite Index to lose ground against other segments of the stock market . Because of program trading it is more difficult to trade many OTC stocks without sharp price moves , a condition known as illiquidity . Some of these problems are neither new nor unique to the OTC market . " But this skittishness , Mr. Antolini says , is creating liquidity problems in certain OTC stocks . No one has big positions and no one wants to take big risks . The problem , market makers say , is that while the industrial average and the SampP 500 usually recover as buy programs kick in , the Nasdaq Composite frequently is left behind . Weakness in big technology stocks hurt the composite as well as the Nasdaq 100 Index , which fell 1.4 % , or 6.43 , on Friday , to 437.68 . LIN now plans to dole out $ 42 a share in cash , up from the earlier $ 20 amount . The semiconductor concern said the interruption in shipment of its 80486 computer chip will be brief and have little impact on the company 's earnings . The company said its third - quarter earnings will probably be lower than the 16 cents a share it reported last year , despite a rise in the company 's revenue . Kirschner earned $ 376,000 on revenue of $ 14.5 million in the 1988 quarter . 	answer: positive
event: Weisfield 's rocketed 9 1/2 to 39 after the jewelry store operator said it is in preliminary discussions , with a party it would n't identify , regarding the possible acquisition of the company starts after the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. approved Dime Savings Bank of New York 's $ 21-a - share acquisition of Starpointe story: The portion of OTC volume attributable to program trading is n't known , as it is on the New York Stock Exchange , where it amounted to more than 13 % in September . Other market - maker gripes : Program trading also causes the Nasdaq Composite Index to lose ground against other segments of the stock market . Because of program trading it is more difficult to trade many OTC stocks without sharp price moves , a condition known as illiquidity . Some of these problems are neither new nor unique to the OTC market . " But this skittishness , Mr. Antolini says , is creating liquidity problems in certain OTC stocks . No one has big positions and no one wants to take big risks . The problem , market makers say , is that while the industrial average and the SampP 500 usually recover as buy programs kick in , the Nasdaq Composite frequently is left behind . Weakness in big technology stocks hurt the composite as well as the Nasdaq 100 Index , which fell 1.4 % , or 6.43 , on Friday , to 437.68 . LIN now plans to dole out $ 42 a share in cash , up from the earlier $ 20 amount . The semiconductor concern said the interruption in shipment of its 80486 computer chip will be brief and have little impact on the company 's earnings . The company said its third - quarter earnings will probably be lower than the 16 cents a share it reported last year , despite a rise in the company 's revenue . Kirschner earned $ 376,000 on revenue of $ 14.5 million in the 1988 quarter . 	answer: negative
event: the sniper 's bullet entered through a partially draped kitchen window starts before the sniper 's bullet hit Slepian in the back story: Slepian 's wife and one son tried to revive him . Just over an hour later , he was declared dead at nearby Millard Fillmore Suburban Hospital . For the most part , people on both sides of the abortion issue expressed outrage at the shooting . Most other opponents of abortion , however , condemned the shooting and abortion . but he went on to defend the Church 's opposition to abortion as ` ` respecting of human life in all its forms , especially the most vulnerable . ' ` ` They are the ones who call these doctors murderers . ' ' In Amherst , residents who said they opposed abortion decried the attack and said they hoped the perpetrator was caught . Men smoking cigars and drinking beer with friends after shooting skeet at the Buffalo Shooting Club in Amherst said their feelings about abortion were mixed , but they uniformly denounced the killing of Slepian . Many residents said abortion had gradually dwindled as a local issue since Operation Rescue , an anti - abortion group , started a series of largely unsuccessful ` ` Spring of Life ' ' demonstrations in 1992 intended to shut down abortion clinics and harass local doctors , including Slepian . Little of the vitriol that the issue aroused in the late 1980s and early 1990s remains , residents said , and many of the local religious leaders who led the 1992 protests have moved . ` ` The only people that are left are the hard - core , fanatical people , ' ' said Larry Finkelstien , a high school teacher who works as an escort at abortion clinics . ` ` Everyone else has gone away . ' ' 	answer: positive
event: the sniper 's bullet entered through a partially draped kitchen window starts after the sniper 's bullet hit Slepian in the back story: Slepian 's wife and one son tried to revive him . Just over an hour later , he was declared dead at nearby Millard Fillmore Suburban Hospital . For the most part , people on both sides of the abortion issue expressed outrage at the shooting . Most other opponents of abortion , however , condemned the shooting and abortion . but he went on to defend the Church 's opposition to abortion as ` ` respecting of human life in all its forms , especially the most vulnerable . ' ` ` They are the ones who call these doctors murderers . ' ' In Amherst , residents who said they opposed abortion decried the attack and said they hoped the perpetrator was caught . Men smoking cigars and drinking beer with friends after shooting skeet at the Buffalo Shooting Club in Amherst said their feelings about abortion were mixed , but they uniformly denounced the killing of Slepian . Many residents said abortion had gradually dwindled as a local issue since Operation Rescue , an anti - abortion group , started a series of largely unsuccessful ` ` Spring of Life ' ' demonstrations in 1992 intended to shut down abortion clinics and harass local doctors , including Slepian . Little of the vitriol that the issue aroused in the late 1980s and early 1990s remains , residents said , and many of the local religious leaders who led the 1992 protests have moved . ` ` The only people that are left are the hard - core , fanatical people , ' ' said Larry Finkelstien , a high school teacher who works as an escort at abortion clinics . ` ` Everyone else has gone away . ' ' 	answer: negative
event: HEALTHDYNE Inc. , Atlanta , said its subsidiary , Home Nutritional Services Inc. , registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission an initial public offering of four million shares of common starts before The in - home health care services provider said it will sell 1.8 million of the new shares while Home Nutritional Services will sell the remaining 2.2 million story: HEALTHDYNE Inc. , Atlanta ,  said its subsidiary , Home Nutritional Services Inc. , registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission an initial public offering of four million shares of common . The in - home health care services provider  said it will sell 1.8 million of the new shares , while Home Nutritional Services will sell the remaining 2.2 million . The company estimates the offering price at between $ 14 and $ 16 a share . The company said it expects to use the proceeds to repay certain bank debt and for general corporate purposes , including establishing new operating centers and possible acquisitions . Home Nutritional currently has 10 million shares outstanding . It will have 11.8 million shares outstanding after the offering , with Healthdyne owning about 65 % of the total . 	answer: positive
event: HEALTHDYNE Inc. , Atlanta , said its subsidiary , Home Nutritional Services Inc. , registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission an initial public offering of four million shares of common starts after The in - home health care services provider said it will sell 1.8 million of the new shares while Home Nutritional Services will sell the remaining 2.2 million story: HEALTHDYNE Inc. , Atlanta ,  said its subsidiary , Home Nutritional Services Inc. , registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission an initial public offering of four million shares of common . The in - home health care services provider  said it will sell 1.8 million of the new shares , while Home Nutritional Services will sell the remaining 2.2 million . The company estimates the offering price at between $ 14 and $ 16 a share . The company said it expects to use the proceeds to repay certain bank debt and for general corporate purposes , including establishing new operating centers and possible acquisitions . Home Nutritional currently has 10 million shares outstanding . It will have 11.8 million shares outstanding after the offering , with Healthdyne owning about 65 % of the total . 	answer: negative
event: At least 50,000 U.S. troops expected to be committed to Desert Shield within weeks , including Marines , Army air assault forces , paratroopers and infantry starts after Iraq said it invaded Kuwait because of disputes over oil and money story: Also today , King Hussein of Jordan arrived in Washington seeking to mediate the Persian Gulf crisis . ' In a speech delivered at the Pentagon , Bush seemed to suggest that American forces could be in the gulf region for some time . The move seemed aimed at heading off more trouble with Iran , which had condemned Iraq 's invasion of Kuwait on Aug. 2 but also criticized the multinational force dispatched to Saudi Arabia . ' In other developments : The Pentagon said that Defense Secretary Dick Cheney is considering urging Bush to order a national callup of armed forces reserves for active duty because of the drain on units sending soldiers abroad . Iraq has control of 20 percent of the world 's oil reserves . Truckloads of goods rolled into Iraq from Jordan on Tuesday and Iraqi - bound cargo was unloaded from ships at the Red Sea port ofAqaba despite the U.N.-ordered sanctions . The monarch will meet Bush on Thursday in Kennebunkport , Maine . In an interview from Jordan on ABC , he declined to discuss details , but said : ` ` I do n't think that his majesty would be traveling at this crucial moment if the Iraqi leadership did not have a rational approach to the future . ' Bush held out the prospect of more aid to Jordan if it cooperates with the trade embargo . The embargo is meant to cripple Iraq by cutting off its exports of oil and imports of food and military supplies . Iraq imports about three - quarters of its foodstuffs . Iraq  said it invaded Kuwait because of disputes over oil and money . 	answer: positive
event: At least 50,000 U.S. troops expected to be committed to Desert Shield within weeks , including Marines , Army air assault forces , paratroopers and infantry starts before Iraq said it invaded Kuwait because of disputes over oil and money story: Also today , King Hussein of Jordan arrived in Washington seeking to mediate the Persian Gulf crisis . ' In a speech delivered at the Pentagon , Bush seemed to suggest that American forces could be in the gulf region for some time . The move seemed aimed at heading off more trouble with Iran , which had condemned Iraq 's invasion of Kuwait on Aug. 2 but also criticized the multinational force dispatched to Saudi Arabia . ' In other developments : The Pentagon said that Defense Secretary Dick Cheney is considering urging Bush to order a national callup of armed forces reserves for active duty because of the drain on units sending soldiers abroad . Iraq has control of 20 percent of the world 's oil reserves . Truckloads of goods rolled into Iraq from Jordan on Tuesday and Iraqi - bound cargo was unloaded from ships at the Red Sea port ofAqaba despite the U.N.-ordered sanctions . The monarch will meet Bush on Thursday in Kennebunkport , Maine . In an interview from Jordan on ABC , he declined to discuss details , but said : ` ` I do n't think that his majesty would be traveling at this crucial moment if the Iraqi leadership did not have a rational approach to the future . ' Bush held out the prospect of more aid to Jordan if it cooperates with the trade embargo . The embargo is meant to cripple Iraq by cutting off its exports of oil and imports of food and military supplies . Iraq imports about three - quarters of its foodstuffs . Iraq  said it invaded Kuwait because of disputes over oil and money . 	answer: negative
event: when Paribas denationalized in 1987 starts before he realized that Paribas 's intentions were n't friendly story: Cie . de Navigation Mixte Chairman Marc Fournier said his board unanimously rejected as too low the $ 1.77 billion bid by Cie . Financiere de Paribas to bring its stake in Navigation Mixte to 66.7 % . At a news conference , Mr. Fournier accused Paribas of planning to pay for the takeover by selling parts of the company , whose interests include insurance , banking , tuna canning , sugar and orange juice . The chairman said his board members , including representatives of West German insurance giant Allianz AG and French banks Credit Lyonnais and Societe Generale , hold nearly 50 % of Navigation Mixte 's capital . But sources said he will be urging his allies to boost their stakes in Navigation Mixte , which is being traded in London and is to resume trading in Paris Tuesday . That is due mostly to payments from Allianz for most of the 50 % stake it has agreed to acquire in Navigation Mixte 's insurance business . If holders avoid tendering to Paribas , he added , they can expect strong dividends again next year . Without some unexpected " coup de theatre " , I do n't see what will block the Paribas bid , " said Philippe de Cholet , analyst at the brokerage Cholet - Dupont amp Cie . Allianz , for example , has said in official comments so far that it will remain neutral . Alternatively , it is to offer three Paribas shares for one Navigation Mixte share . The Paribas offer values Navigation Mixte at about 23 billion francs , depending on how many of Navigation Mixte 's warrants are converted into shares during the takeover battle . 	answer: positive
event: when Paribas denationalized in 1987 starts after he realized that Paribas 's intentions were n't friendly story: Cie . de Navigation Mixte Chairman Marc Fournier said his board unanimously rejected as too low the $ 1.77 billion bid by Cie . Financiere de Paribas to bring its stake in Navigation Mixte to 66.7 % . At a news conference , Mr. Fournier accused Paribas of planning to pay for the takeover by selling parts of the company , whose interests include insurance , banking , tuna canning , sugar and orange juice . The chairman said his board members , including representatives of West German insurance giant Allianz AG and French banks Credit Lyonnais and Societe Generale , hold nearly 50 % of Navigation Mixte 's capital . But sources said he will be urging his allies to boost their stakes in Navigation Mixte , which is being traded in London and is to resume trading in Paris Tuesday . That is due mostly to payments from Allianz for most of the 50 % stake it has agreed to acquire in Navigation Mixte 's insurance business . If holders avoid tendering to Paribas , he added , they can expect strong dividends again next year . Without some unexpected " coup de theatre " , I do n't see what will block the Paribas bid , " said Philippe de Cholet , analyst at the brokerage Cholet - Dupont amp Cie . Allianz , for example , has said in official comments so far that it will remain neutral . Alternatively , it is to offer three Paribas shares for one Navigation Mixte share . The Paribas offer values Navigation Mixte at about 23 billion francs , depending on how many of Navigation Mixte 's warrants are converted into shares during the takeover battle . 	answer: negative
event: Crossland said it retained three investment bankers to assist it in developing and implementing a financial restructuring plan starts after it retained three investment bankers to assist it in developing and implementing a financial restructuring plan story: In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange Friday , Crossland closed at $ 5.25 , down $ 1.875 , a 26 % decline . A spokesman said the savings bank may not qualify for the capital requirements because , under the proposed guidelines , its $ 380 million of preferred stock does n't meet the " core capital " criteria outlined under the new Financial Institutions Reform , Recovery and Enforcement Act of 1989 . Crossland  said it  retained three investment bankers to assist it in developing and implementing a financial restructuring plan . It would n't identify the bankers . Additionally , Crossland reported a third - quarter loss of $ 175.5 million , or $ 13.44 a share , compared with net income of $ 27.1 million , or $ 1.16 a share , a year ago . A major factor in the third - quarter loss was the write - down of $ 143.6 million of goodwill . The spokesman said that the proposed guidelines caused Crossland to revise its business objectives and , consequently , to write down the asset value of some previous acquisitions . Crossland recorded an additional $ 20 million in loan loss reserves in the third quarter . However , non - interest income rose to $ 23.5 million from $ 22 million . Third - quarter loan originations dropped sharply to $ 663 million from $ 1 billion a year ago . Standard amp Poor 's Corp. lowered the rating on Crossland 's preferred stock to double - C from single - B - minus and placed it on CreditWatch for possible further downgrade . About $ 518 million of debt is affected . 	answer: positive
event: Crossland said it retained three investment bankers to assist it in developing and implementing a financial restructuring plan starts before it retained three investment bankers to assist it in developing and implementing a financial restructuring plan story: In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange Friday , Crossland closed at $ 5.25 , down $ 1.875 , a 26 % decline . A spokesman said the savings bank may not qualify for the capital requirements because , under the proposed guidelines , its $ 380 million of preferred stock does n't meet the " core capital " criteria outlined under the new Financial Institutions Reform , Recovery and Enforcement Act of 1989 . Crossland  said it  retained three investment bankers to assist it in developing and implementing a financial restructuring plan . It would n't identify the bankers . Additionally , Crossland reported a third - quarter loss of $ 175.5 million , or $ 13.44 a share , compared with net income of $ 27.1 million , or $ 1.16 a share , a year ago . A major factor in the third - quarter loss was the write - down of $ 143.6 million of goodwill . The spokesman said that the proposed guidelines caused Crossland to revise its business objectives and , consequently , to write down the asset value of some previous acquisitions . Crossland recorded an additional $ 20 million in loan loss reserves in the third quarter . However , non - interest income rose to $ 23.5 million from $ 22 million . Third - quarter loan originations dropped sharply to $ 663 million from $ 1 billion a year ago . Standard amp Poor 's Corp. lowered the rating on Crossland 's preferred stock to double - C from single - B - minus and placed it on CreditWatch for possible further downgrade . About $ 518 million of debt is affected . 	answer: negative
event: an Iraqi diplomatic delegation deliver Saddam 's message , which it said it would review ` ` with optimism starts after Saddam accept a border demarcation treaty he had rejected in peace talks following the August 1988 cease - fire of the eight - year war with Iran story: ` ` No one should doubt our staying power or determination , ' ' he said . The U.S. military buildup in Saudi Arabia continued at fever pace , with Syrian troops now part of a multinational force camped out in the desert to guard the Saudi kingdom from any new thrust by Iraq . Saddam appeared to  accept a border demarcation treaty he had rejected in peace talks following the August 1988 cease - fire of the eight - year war with Iran . Soviet Foreign Ministry spokesman Yuri Gremitskikh said special ambassador Mikhail Sytenko left Tuesday for consultations with the governments of Syria , Jordan , Egypt and other Arab countries . Iraq has agreed to allow all 880 Soviets in Kuwait to leave , but only by a 1,200-mile road route through Iraq and to the Iraq - Jordan border . There have been reports of wholesale looting but food and gasoline were still available , said a spokesman , who by custom was not identified . Iraq has control of 20 percent of the world 's oil reserves . Crown Prince Hassan , King Hussein 's brother and political adviser , was asked today about the message the king was said to be carrying . ' A CBS News report citing unidentified Jordanian sources said that Saddam 's message called for an international conference to be convened to discuss an Iraqi withdrawal from Kuwait . Bush held out the prospect of more aid to Jordan if it cooperates with the trade embargo . The embargo is meant to cripple Iraq by cutting off its exports of oil and imports of food and military supplies . Iraq imports about three - quarters of its foodstuffs . 	answer: positive
event: an Iraqi diplomatic delegation deliver Saddam 's message , which it said it would review ` ` with optimism starts before Saddam accept a border demarcation treaty he had rejected in peace talks following the August 1988 cease - fire of the eight - year war with Iran story: ` ` No one should doubt our staying power or determination , ' ' he said . The U.S. military buildup in Saudi Arabia continued at fever pace , with Syrian troops now part of a multinational force camped out in the desert to guard the Saudi kingdom from any new thrust by Iraq . Saddam appeared to  accept a border demarcation treaty he had rejected in peace talks following the August 1988 cease - fire of the eight - year war with Iran . Soviet Foreign Ministry spokesman Yuri Gremitskikh said special ambassador Mikhail Sytenko left Tuesday for consultations with the governments of Syria , Jordan , Egypt and other Arab countries . Iraq has agreed to allow all 880 Soviets in Kuwait to leave , but only by a 1,200-mile road route through Iraq and to the Iraq - Jordan border . There have been reports of wholesale looting but food and gasoline were still available , said a spokesman , who by custom was not identified . Iraq has control of 20 percent of the world 's oil reserves . Crown Prince Hassan , King Hussein 's brother and political adviser , was asked today about the message the king was said to be carrying . ' A CBS News report citing unidentified Jordanian sources said that Saddam 's message called for an international conference to be convened to discuss an Iraqi withdrawal from Kuwait . Bush held out the prospect of more aid to Jordan if it cooperates with the trade embargo . The embargo is meant to cripple Iraq by cutting off its exports of oil and imports of food and military supplies . Iraq imports about three - quarters of its foodstuffs . 	answer: negative
event: it expects it will need about $ 215 million to buy the shares and pay related fees and expenses starts before DPC Acquisition said it expected to repay the amounts borrowed through proceeds of the liquidation story: A unit of DPC Acquisition Partners launched a $ 10-a - share tender offer for the shares outstanding of Dataproducts Corp. , and said it would seek to liquidate the computer - printer maker " as soon as possible , " even if a merger is n't consummated . DPC Acquisition is controlled by Crescott Investment Associates , Wilson Investment Group , Kernel Corp. and Catalyst Partners . The investor group owns 1,534,600 Dataproducts common shares , or a 7.6 % stake . The offer is based on several conditions , including obtaining financing . DPC Acquisition said it had received the reasonable assurance of Chase Manhattan Bank N.A. that the financing can be obtained . In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , DPC Acquisition said it  expects it will need about $ 215 million to buy the shares and pay related fees and expenses . DPC Acquisition added that it has not begun discussions with financing sources , and  said it expected to repay the amounts borrowed through proceeds of the liquidation . Dataproducts officials declined to comment , and said they had not yet seen a suit filed in federal court by DPC Acquisition that seeks to nullify a standstill agreement between DPC Acquisition and Dataproducts . Earlier this year , DPC Acquisition made a $ 15-a - share offer for Dataproducts , which the Dataproducts board said it rejected because the $ 283.7 million offer was not fully financed . Dataproducts has since started a restructuring , and has said it is not for sale . 	answer: positive
event: it expects it will need about $ 215 million to buy the shares and pay related fees and expenses starts after DPC Acquisition said it expected to repay the amounts borrowed through proceeds of the liquidation story: A unit of DPC Acquisition Partners launched a $ 10-a - share tender offer for the shares outstanding of Dataproducts Corp. , and said it would seek to liquidate the computer - printer maker " as soon as possible , " even if a merger is n't consummated . DPC Acquisition is controlled by Crescott Investment Associates , Wilson Investment Group , Kernel Corp. and Catalyst Partners . The investor group owns 1,534,600 Dataproducts common shares , or a 7.6 % stake . The offer is based on several conditions , including obtaining financing . DPC Acquisition said it had received the reasonable assurance of Chase Manhattan Bank N.A. that the financing can be obtained . In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , DPC Acquisition said it  expects it will need about $ 215 million to buy the shares and pay related fees and expenses . DPC Acquisition added that it has not begun discussions with financing sources , and  said it expected to repay the amounts borrowed through proceeds of the liquidation . Dataproducts officials declined to comment , and said they had not yet seen a suit filed in federal court by DPC Acquisition that seeks to nullify a standstill agreement between DPC Acquisition and Dataproducts . Earlier this year , DPC Acquisition made a $ 15-a - share offer for Dataproducts , which the Dataproducts board said it rejected because the $ 283.7 million offer was not fully financed . Dataproducts has since started a restructuring , and has said it is not for sale . 	answer: negative
event: We always taken smaller accounts starts before Our bread and butter is still the $ 2 million to $ 20 million account he says story: H. Marshall Schwarz was named chairman and chief executive officer of U.S. Trust Corp. , a private - banking firm with assets under management of about $ 17 billion . But Mr. Schwarz welcomes the competition in U.S. Trust 's flagship businesses , calling it " flattery . " U.S. Trust recently introduced certain mutual - fund products , which allow it to serve customers with minimum deposits of $ 250,000 . " Our bread and butter is still the $ 2 million to $ 20 million account , " he  says . The new services allow U.S. Trust to cater to the " new wealth , " Mr. Schwarz says . Quarterly net income this year has risen just over comparable periods in 1988 , when year - end net was below the 1987 level . In this year 's third quarter , for example , net was $ 10.5 million , or $ 1.05 a share , compared with $ 10.3 million , or $ 1.02 a share , a year earlier . Assets as of Sept. 30 fell to $ 2.46 billion from about $ 2.77 billion . " We will have a reasonably flat year this year , " Mr. Schwarz says . Mr. Schwarz 's father was a U.S. Trust trustee until 1974 . Donald M. Roberts , 54 , treasurer , and Frederick S. Wonham , 58 , who takes responsibility for the funds - service group , were named vice chairmen and will serve in the office of the chairman . Mr. Taylor also was named a director , increasing the board to 22 , but is not part of the new office of the chairman . 	answer: positive
event: We always taken smaller accounts starts after Our bread and butter is still the $ 2 million to $ 20 million account he says story: H. Marshall Schwarz was named chairman and chief executive officer of U.S. Trust Corp. , a private - banking firm with assets under management of about $ 17 billion . But Mr. Schwarz welcomes the competition in U.S. Trust 's flagship businesses , calling it " flattery . " U.S. Trust recently introduced certain mutual - fund products , which allow it to serve customers with minimum deposits of $ 250,000 . " Our bread and butter is still the $ 2 million to $ 20 million account , " he  says . The new services allow U.S. Trust to cater to the " new wealth , " Mr. Schwarz says . Quarterly net income this year has risen just over comparable periods in 1988 , when year - end net was below the 1987 level . In this year 's third quarter , for example , net was $ 10.5 million , or $ 1.05 a share , compared with $ 10.3 million , or $ 1.02 a share , a year earlier . Assets as of Sept. 30 fell to $ 2.46 billion from about $ 2.77 billion . " We will have a reasonably flat year this year , " Mr. Schwarz says . Mr. Schwarz 's father was a U.S. Trust trustee until 1974 . Donald M. Roberts , 54 , treasurer , and Frederick S. Wonham , 58 , who takes responsibility for the funds - service group , were named vice chairmen and will serve in the office of the chairman . Mr. Taylor also was named a director , increasing the board to 22 , but is not part of the new office of the chairman . 	answer: negative
event: previously reported starts before In Nairobi a top Kenyan police official denied a newspaper report that more arrests had been made there story: NAIROBI , Kenya ( AP ) _ Officials in Tanzania and Kenya , where she arrived next , also hoped she would produce new aid for their countries , where the Aug. 7 terrorist blasts killed 257 people in Nairobi and Dar es Salaam . FBI agents , meanwhile , pushed ahead with their all - out investigation into the bombings . Contrary to other reports , the FBI and Kenyan police said Monday that a suspect who was returned from Pakistan had not admitted any role in the crimes or implicated anyone else after three days of questioning . In Dar es Salaam , she laid a wreath next to the crater left by the embassy blast that killed 10 people . Then she handed a folded American flag to U.S. Marines and , wearing a white construction hard hat , toured the damage inside . Reporters also were allowed inside for the first time since the explosion and found broken glass and smashed furniture scattered throughout the embassy . ` ` America is very proud of you , all of you _ Americans and Tanzanians , ' ' she told the staffers . She also pledged to ask Congress to approve a still - undetermined amount of emergency funding to pay for re - establishing embassy operations in Tanzania and Kenya and to compensate victims ' families . Americans in Tanzania , ' ' he said . ` ` We are friends . ' ' ` ` These bombings will not cause America to back down or retreat , ' ' she declared . In Nairobi , a top Kenyan police official  denied a newspaper report that more arrests had been made there . The diplomats were flown to Brussels , Belgium . 	answer: positive
event: previously reported starts after In Nairobi a top Kenyan police official denied a newspaper report that more arrests had been made there story: NAIROBI , Kenya ( AP ) _ Officials in Tanzania and Kenya , where she arrived next , also hoped she would produce new aid for their countries , where the Aug. 7 terrorist blasts killed 257 people in Nairobi and Dar es Salaam . FBI agents , meanwhile , pushed ahead with their all - out investigation into the bombings . Contrary to other reports , the FBI and Kenyan police said Monday that a suspect who was returned from Pakistan had not admitted any role in the crimes or implicated anyone else after three days of questioning . In Dar es Salaam , she laid a wreath next to the crater left by the embassy blast that killed 10 people . Then she handed a folded American flag to U.S. Marines and , wearing a white construction hard hat , toured the damage inside . Reporters also were allowed inside for the first time since the explosion and found broken glass and smashed furniture scattered throughout the embassy . ` ` America is very proud of you , all of you _ Americans and Tanzanians , ' ' she told the staffers . She also pledged to ask Congress to approve a still - undetermined amount of emergency funding to pay for re - establishing embassy operations in Tanzania and Kenya and to compensate victims ' families . Americans in Tanzania , ' ' he said . ` ` We are friends . ' ' ` ` These bombings will not cause America to back down or retreat , ' ' she declared . In Nairobi , a top Kenyan police official  denied a newspaper report that more arrests had been made there . The diplomats were flown to Brussels , Belgium . 	answer: negative
event: The official Iraqi News Agency , which gives the daily tally of inspections , said Friday that team no starts after 225 _ which Ritter heads _ assisted by aerial surveillance story: _ An American leader of a U.N. weapons inspection team resumed work in Iraq Friday , nearly two months after his team was effectively blocked . At least one of the sensitive sites was a barracks of the elite Republican Guard , a well - placed source told The Associated Press . Previously the Iraqis have resisted attempts to inspect such quarters . The U.N. Security Council has charged the inspectors with verifying that Iraq has destroyed its long - range missiles and weapons of mass destruction . It was the first time that Ritter , who arrived Thursday with some 50 inspectors for a tour likely to last over a week , had been allowed to carry out an inspection since Jan. 13 . Iraq alleged Ritter was an American spy whose team had a disproportionately high number of Americans and Britons . Five other U.N. inspection teams visited a total of nine other sites , the agency reported . Ritter 's return is seen as something of a test of that agreement , under which Iraq agreed to give inspectors full access to eight of Saddam Hussein 's presidential palaces . Iraq had argued the presidential sites should be off limits as symbols of sovereignty . ` ` We are going to maintain our forces in the region for the foreseeable future , ' ' said spokesman Kenneth Bacon . The U.N.-Iraq accord was worked out by U.N. Secretary - General Kofi Annan , who appointed a retired Indian diplomat on Thursday as his special representative to Iraq . Palace inspections are not expected to start until the new agreement 's procedures are in place . The procedures are due to go before the Security Council next week . 	answer: positive
event: The official Iraqi News Agency , which gives the daily tally of inspections , said Friday that team no starts before 225 _ which Ritter heads _ assisted by aerial surveillance story: _ An American leader of a U.N. weapons inspection team resumed work in Iraq Friday , nearly two months after his team was effectively blocked . At least one of the sensitive sites was a barracks of the elite Republican Guard , a well - placed source told The Associated Press . Previously the Iraqis have resisted attempts to inspect such quarters . The U.N. Security Council has charged the inspectors with verifying that Iraq has destroyed its long - range missiles and weapons of mass destruction . It was the first time that Ritter , who arrived Thursday with some 50 inspectors for a tour likely to last over a week , had been allowed to carry out an inspection since Jan. 13 . Iraq alleged Ritter was an American spy whose team had a disproportionately high number of Americans and Britons . Five other U.N. inspection teams visited a total of nine other sites , the agency reported . Ritter 's return is seen as something of a test of that agreement , under which Iraq agreed to give inspectors full access to eight of Saddam Hussein 's presidential palaces . Iraq had argued the presidential sites should be off limits as symbols of sovereignty . ` ` We are going to maintain our forces in the region for the foreseeable future , ' ' said spokesman Kenneth Bacon . The U.N.-Iraq accord was worked out by U.N. Secretary - General Kofi Annan , who appointed a retired Indian diplomat on Thursday as his special representative to Iraq . Palace inspections are not expected to start until the new agreement 's procedures are in place . The procedures are due to go before the Security Council next week . 	answer: negative
event: In addition the department still considering a request last week from Elian 's father in Cuba , Juan Miguel Gonzalez , to have Elian 's temporary custody shifted from his great - uncle Lazaro Gonzalez to another great - uncle , Manolo Gonzalez starts before Elian 's temporary custody shifted from his great - uncle Lazaro Gonzalez to another great - uncle , Manolo Gonzalez story: ' In addition , the department is still  considering a request last week from Elian 's father in Cuba , Juan Miguel Gonzalez , to have Elian 's temporary custody  shifted from his great - uncle Lazaro Gonzalez to another great - uncle , Manolo Gonzalez . Meantime , the possibility of a meeting between Attorney General Janet Reno and Lazaro Gonzalez 's family reemerged Thursday . ` ` We 're doing what 's in Elian 's best interest . My family is a very close family , ' ' she said . ` ` He wanted to reunite with his son -- but not in Cuba , ' ' She said she and other family members had spoken to Elian 's father by phone both before and after the mother perished . The father 's response when learning that his boy was safe in Miami was ` ` take care of him until I can go , meaning go to the United States , ' ' A group of Florida lawmakers introduced legislation this month to grant Elian American citizenship , which would take the decision about Elian 's future away from INS and give it to a Florida family court . The Immigration and Naturalization Service has ruled in favor of the father 's request that the boy be returned to him in Cuba , but that decision was put on hold while the Miami relatives battle in federal court to keep him in this country . ` ` Practically everyone surrounding him either has been , or may be in the future , joining the prison system in the U.S. He said Elian was ` ` surrounded by two drunks . ' 	answer: positive
event: In addition the department still considering a request last week from Elian 's father in Cuba , Juan Miguel Gonzalez , to have Elian 's temporary custody shifted from his great - uncle Lazaro Gonzalez to another great - uncle , Manolo Gonzalez starts after Elian 's temporary custody shifted from his great - uncle Lazaro Gonzalez to another great - uncle , Manolo Gonzalez story: ' In addition , the department is still  considering a request last week from Elian 's father in Cuba , Juan Miguel Gonzalez , to have Elian 's temporary custody  shifted from his great - uncle Lazaro Gonzalez to another great - uncle , Manolo Gonzalez . Meantime , the possibility of a meeting between Attorney General Janet Reno and Lazaro Gonzalez 's family reemerged Thursday . ` ` We 're doing what 's in Elian 's best interest . My family is a very close family , ' ' she said . ` ` He wanted to reunite with his son -- but not in Cuba , ' ' She said she and other family members had spoken to Elian 's father by phone both before and after the mother perished . The father 's response when learning that his boy was safe in Miami was ` ` take care of him until I can go , meaning go to the United States , ' ' A group of Florida lawmakers introduced legislation this month to grant Elian American citizenship , which would take the decision about Elian 's future away from INS and give it to a Florida family court . The Immigration and Naturalization Service has ruled in favor of the father 's request that the boy be returned to him in Cuba , but that decision was put on hold while the Miami relatives battle in federal court to keep him in this country . ` ` Practically everyone surrounding him either has been , or may be in the future , joining the prison system in the U.S. He said Elian was ` ` surrounded by two drunks . ' 	answer: negative
event: No matter what it takes , we must find those responsible for these evil acts and see that justice is done Clinton said at the ceremony marking the return of remains of Americans who were killed in the Kenya embassy bombing starts after The ceremony held at Andrews Air Force Base , near Washington , where 10 of 12 American victims of the Kenya embassy bombing were brought back by Secretary of State Madeleine Albright story: WASHINGTON , August 13 ( Xinhua ) -- President Bill Clinton Thursday condemned terrorist bomb attacks at U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania and vowed to find the bombers and bring them to justice . " The ceremony was  held at Andrews Air Force Base , near Washington , where 10 of 12 American victims of the Kenya embassy bombing were brought back by Secretary of State Madeleine Albright . Clinton said the United States will not retreat from the world because of terrorist attacks . Albright , echoing the president , said the United States would " continue to be present around the world , wherever we have interests to defend . " " We will do all we can to protect our diplomatic and military peoples around the world , " she said . Clinton met with his top aides Wednesday in the White House to assess the situation following the twin bombings at U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania , which have killed more than 250 people and injured over 5,000 , most of them Kenyans and Tanzanians . Twelve Americans were killed in the Kenya embassy bombing . Clinton ordered an assessment of what it would cost to rebuild the embassies in Kenya and Tanzania and the price tag for emergency response teams sent to the two countries . He also asked for a " list of the priorities for improving security for U.S. facilities around the world . " The State Department and the Office of Management and Budget will jointly make the assessments " in the next few days , " and the president will present the report to Congress for more emergency funding . 	answer: positive
event: No matter what it takes , we must find those responsible for these evil acts and see that justice is done Clinton said at the ceremony marking the return of remains of Americans who were killed in the Kenya embassy bombing starts before The ceremony held at Andrews Air Force Base , near Washington , where 10 of 12 American victims of the Kenya embassy bombing were brought back by Secretary of State Madeleine Albright story: WASHINGTON , August 13 ( Xinhua ) -- President Bill Clinton Thursday condemned terrorist bomb attacks at U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania and vowed to find the bombers and bring them to justice . " The ceremony was  held at Andrews Air Force Base , near Washington , where 10 of 12 American victims of the Kenya embassy bombing were brought back by Secretary of State Madeleine Albright . Clinton said the United States will not retreat from the world because of terrorist attacks . Albright , echoing the president , said the United States would " continue to be present around the world , wherever we have interests to defend . " " We will do all we can to protect our diplomatic and military peoples around the world , " she said . Clinton met with his top aides Wednesday in the White House to assess the situation following the twin bombings at U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania , which have killed more than 250 people and injured over 5,000 , most of them Kenyans and Tanzanians . Twelve Americans were killed in the Kenya embassy bombing . Clinton ordered an assessment of what it would cost to rebuild the embassies in Kenya and Tanzania and the price tag for emergency response teams sent to the two countries . He also asked for a " list of the priorities for improving security for U.S. facilities around the world . " The State Department and the Office of Management and Budget will jointly make the assessments " in the next few days , " and the president will present the report to Congress for more emergency funding . 	answer: negative
event: Mr. Roberts continues as treasurer starts before Frederick B. Taylor , 48 , also named a vice chairman and chief investment officer , a new post story: Mr. Schwarz , 52 years old , will succeed Daniel P. Davison Feb. 1 , soon after Mr. Davison reaches the company 's mandatory retirement age of 65 . Mr. Schwarz , who is president of U.S. Trust , will be succeeded in that post by Jeffrey S. Maurer , 42 , who is executive vice president in charge of the company 's asset - management group . But Mr. Schwarz welcomes the competition in U.S. Trust 's flagship businesses , calling it " flattery . " " I do n't believe they have the culture " to adequately service high - net - worth individuals , he adds . U.S. Trust recently introduced certain mutual - fund products , which allow it to serve customers with minimum deposits of $ 250,000 . " " Mr. Schwarz also said costs associated with U.S. Trust 's planned move to midtown Manhattan from Wall Street will continue to be a drag on earnings through 1990 . Mr. Schwarz 's father was a U.S. Trust trustee until 1974 . Donald M. Roberts , 54 , treasurer , and Frederick S. Wonham , 58 , who takes responsibility for the funds - service group , were named vice chairmen and will serve in the office of the chairman . Frederick B. Taylor , 48 , also was  named a vice chairman and chief investment officer , a new post . He previously held similar responsibilities . Mr. Taylor also was named a director , increasing the board to 22 , but is not part of the new office of the chairman . James E. Bacon , 58 , executive vice president , who has directed the funds - service group , will retire . 	answer: positive
event: Mr. Roberts continues as treasurer starts after Frederick B. Taylor , 48 , also named a vice chairman and chief investment officer , a new post story: Mr. Schwarz , 52 years old , will succeed Daniel P. Davison Feb. 1 , soon after Mr. Davison reaches the company 's mandatory retirement age of 65 . Mr. Schwarz , who is president of U.S. Trust , will be succeeded in that post by Jeffrey S. Maurer , 42 , who is executive vice president in charge of the company 's asset - management group . But Mr. Schwarz welcomes the competition in U.S. Trust 's flagship businesses , calling it " flattery . " " I do n't believe they have the culture " to adequately service high - net - worth individuals , he adds . U.S. Trust recently introduced certain mutual - fund products , which allow it to serve customers with minimum deposits of $ 250,000 . " " Mr. Schwarz also said costs associated with U.S. Trust 's planned move to midtown Manhattan from Wall Street will continue to be a drag on earnings through 1990 . Mr. Schwarz 's father was a U.S. Trust trustee until 1974 . Donald M. Roberts , 54 , treasurer , and Frederick S. Wonham , 58 , who takes responsibility for the funds - service group , were named vice chairmen and will serve in the office of the chairman . Frederick B. Taylor , 48 , also was  named a vice chairman and chief investment officer , a new post . He previously held similar responsibilities . Mr. Taylor also was named a director , increasing the board to 22 , but is not part of the new office of the chairman . James E. Bacon , 58 , executive vice president , who has directed the funds - service group , will retire . 	answer: negative
event: Reno said Bin Laden and Kopp have one thing in common starts after Bin Laden and Kopp have one thing in common story: WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- The FBI put alleged terrorist mastermind Osama Bin Laden and anti - abortion activist and accused doctor killer James Charles Kopp on the bureau 's list of the Ten Most Wanted fugitives Monday . FBI Director Louis Freeh said the U.S. government is offering a reward of up to $ 5 million for information that leads to the arrest and conviction of Bin Laden , indicted as the architect of the twin bombings of American embassies in Kenya and Tanzania . A total of $ 650,000 , meanwhile , is being offered for information leading to the arrest of Kopp , who is charged with gunning down Dr. Barnett Slepian last fall in his home in Buffalo , Kopp purports to be a devout Roman Catholic , and the majority of jobs he has held over the past 20 years have been related to the anti - abortion movement , the Justice Department said in a news release . Lamen Khalifa Fhimah and Abdel Basset Ali al - Megrahi are charged with murder , conspiracy to commit murder and violations of international aviation safety laws . Bin Laden and Kopp are the 455th and 456th persons to be placed on the FBI 's most wanted list , which began in 1950 . The FBI says Bin Laden is the leader of a terrorist organization known as Al - Aqeda , ` ` The Base . ' ' Kopp wears eyeglasses , walks with a slight limp , is 5 feet , 10 inches tall and weighs 150 to 175 pounds . He has used 29 aliases , Freeh said . 	answer: positive
event: Reno said Bin Laden and Kopp have one thing in common starts before Bin Laden and Kopp have one thing in common story: WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- The FBI put alleged terrorist mastermind Osama Bin Laden and anti - abortion activist and accused doctor killer James Charles Kopp on the bureau 's list of the Ten Most Wanted fugitives Monday . FBI Director Louis Freeh said the U.S. government is offering a reward of up to $ 5 million for information that leads to the arrest and conviction of Bin Laden , indicted as the architect of the twin bombings of American embassies in Kenya and Tanzania . A total of $ 650,000 , meanwhile , is being offered for information leading to the arrest of Kopp , who is charged with gunning down Dr. Barnett Slepian last fall in his home in Buffalo , Kopp purports to be a devout Roman Catholic , and the majority of jobs he has held over the past 20 years have been related to the anti - abortion movement , the Justice Department said in a news release . Lamen Khalifa Fhimah and Abdel Basset Ali al - Megrahi are charged with murder , conspiracy to commit murder and violations of international aviation safety laws . Bin Laden and Kopp are the 455th and 456th persons to be placed on the FBI 's most wanted list , which began in 1950 . The FBI says Bin Laden is the leader of a terrorist organization known as Al - Aqeda , ` ` The Base . ' ' Kopp wears eyeglasses , walks with a slight limp , is 5 feet , 10 inches tall and weighs 150 to 175 pounds . He has used 29 aliases , Freeh said . 	answer: negative
event: Peter DaPuzzo , head of retail equity trading at Shearson Lehman Hutton , acknowledges that he was n't troubled by program trading when it began in the pre - crash bull market because it added liquidity and people were pleased to see stock prices rising starts after when it began in the pre - crash bull market story: Because of program trading it is more difficult to trade many OTC stocks without sharp price moves , a condition known as illiquidity . We were n't as concerned until they became sell programs , " says Mr. DaPuzzo , who now thinks it adds unnecessary volatility . Shearson Lehman , however , executes program trades for clients . Shearson , Merrill Lynch and Goldman Sachs say they do so only for customers , however . But this skittishness , Mr. Antolini says , is creating liquidity problems in certain OTC stocks . " " Joseph Hardiman , president of the National Association of Securities Dealers , which oversees trading on Nasdaq , agrees that program trading is hurting the market 's efforts to bring back small investors . " When the computers say " sell , " the composite tumbles as well as the Dow Jones Industrial Average . Friday 's trading volume totaled 132.8 million shares . The average daily share turnover for October is almost 148 million shares . McCaw , which dropped 2 1/2 to 37 3/4 , has offered $ 125 a share for a majority of LIN 's shares . The revised LIN - BellSouth agreement boosts the dollar amount of the special dividend LIN promises to pay shareholders . The semiconductor concern said the interruption in shipment of its 80486 computer chip will be brief and have little impact on the company 's earnings . The company said its third - quarter earnings will probably be lower than the 16 cents a share it reported last year , despite a rise in the company 's revenue . 	answer: positive
event: Peter DaPuzzo , head of retail equity trading at Shearson Lehman Hutton , acknowledges that he was n't troubled by program trading when it began in the pre - crash bull market because it added liquidity and people were pleased to see stock prices rising starts before when it began in the pre - crash bull market story: Because of program trading it is more difficult to trade many OTC stocks without sharp price moves , a condition known as illiquidity . We were n't as concerned until they became sell programs , " says Mr. DaPuzzo , who now thinks it adds unnecessary volatility . Shearson Lehman , however , executes program trades for clients . Shearson , Merrill Lynch and Goldman Sachs say they do so only for customers , however . But this skittishness , Mr. Antolini says , is creating liquidity problems in certain OTC stocks . " " Joseph Hardiman , president of the National Association of Securities Dealers , which oversees trading on Nasdaq , agrees that program trading is hurting the market 's efforts to bring back small investors . " When the computers say " sell , " the composite tumbles as well as the Dow Jones Industrial Average . Friday 's trading volume totaled 132.8 million shares . The average daily share turnover for October is almost 148 million shares . McCaw , which dropped 2 1/2 to 37 3/4 , has offered $ 125 a share for a majority of LIN 's shares . The revised LIN - BellSouth agreement boosts the dollar amount of the special dividend LIN promises to pay shareholders . The semiconductor concern said the interruption in shipment of its 80486 computer chip will be brief and have little impact on the company 's earnings . The company said its third - quarter earnings will probably be lower than the 16 cents a share it reported last year , despite a rise in the company 's revenue . 	answer: negative
event: President Clinton and Attorney General Janet Reno praised the ruling with both stressing their confidence that Juan Miguel Gonzalez is the best person to raise his child . & amp;UR ; & amp;LR ; ` ` As I 've said before , this is a case about the importance of family and the bond between a father and son starts before both stressing their confidence that Juan Miguel Gonzalez is the best person to raise his child story: ( Undated ) Elian Gonzalez will remain in the United States for at least two more weeks even after a federal appeals court Thursday refused to order a political asylum hearing for the fought - over Cuban child . Attorney Kendall Coffey said his clients were giving an appeal to the Supreme Court ` ` serious consideration . ' The judges denied , however , a request by Elian 's father to name him instead of great - uncle Lazaro Gonzalez as Elian 's representative in the continued court proceedings . Making Juan Miguel Gonzalez his son 's legal representative would have allowed him to simply drop the asylum request and head for home . Thank you . ' ' Elian 's Miami relatives took in the child , but then refused to return him to his surviving father in Cuba , citing the harshness of the Castro regime . A district court judge upheld the federal agency . But Reno said the request to Kennedy serves no purpose since the injunction blocking Elian 's return to Cuba still applies . If the family fails to file an appeal within 14 days , she said , the soonest Elian would be free to leave the country would be seven days later . However , Justice Department officials said the appellate court could decide to waive the extra seven - day period . Jose Basulto , founder of Brothers to the Rescue , a Cuban exile group that frequently rescues Cuban refugees from the Straits of Florida , called the latest ruling ` ` outrageous . ' ' ` ` The saga of Elian Gonzalez is a turning point in relations in the Cuban community and the United States , ' ' 	answer: positive
event: President Clinton and Attorney General Janet Reno praised the ruling with both stressing their confidence that Juan Miguel Gonzalez is the best person to raise his child . & amp;UR ; & amp;LR ; ` ` As I 've said before , this is a case about the importance of family and the bond between a father and son starts after both stressing their confidence that Juan Miguel Gonzalez is the best person to raise his child story: ( Undated ) Elian Gonzalez will remain in the United States for at least two more weeks even after a federal appeals court Thursday refused to order a political asylum hearing for the fought - over Cuban child . Attorney Kendall Coffey said his clients were giving an appeal to the Supreme Court ` ` serious consideration . ' The judges denied , however , a request by Elian 's father to name him instead of great - uncle Lazaro Gonzalez as Elian 's representative in the continued court proceedings . Making Juan Miguel Gonzalez his son 's legal representative would have allowed him to simply drop the asylum request and head for home . Thank you . ' ' Elian 's Miami relatives took in the child , but then refused to return him to his surviving father in Cuba , citing the harshness of the Castro regime . A district court judge upheld the federal agency . But Reno said the request to Kennedy serves no purpose since the injunction blocking Elian 's return to Cuba still applies . If the family fails to file an appeal within 14 days , she said , the soonest Elian would be free to leave the country would be seven days later . However , Justice Department officials said the appellate court could decide to waive the extra seven - day period . Jose Basulto , founder of Brothers to the Rescue , a Cuban exile group that frequently rescues Cuban refugees from the Straits of Florida , called the latest ruling ` ` outrageous . ' ' ` ` The saga of Elian Gonzalez is a turning point in relations in the Cuban community and the United States , ' ' 	answer: negative
event: Fidel Castro 's point man on U.S. relations expressed impatience at Washington 's failure to enforce a repatriation order starts before tens of thousands of Cuban women -- hundreds visibly pregnant and others carrying small children -- waving Cuban flags story: HAVANA ( AP ) -- Elian 's young stepmother , Nelsy , flanked by his two grandmothers , was at the head of the ` ` March of the Combatant Mothers , ' ' pushing his half - brother in a stroller . Cuban authorities estimated that 100,000 women participated in the march . He has been staying with relatives in Miami who do not want to send him back to Cuba . The U.S. Immigration and Naturalization Service had ruled that Elian must be returned to his father , Juan Miguel Gonzalez , and set Friday as the deadline for his repatriation to Cuba . But this week , Attorney General Janet Reno lifted the deadline to give Elian 's relatives in Miami a chance to fight in federal court to keep the boy with them . Ricardo Alarcon , president of the National Assembly and Castro 's point man on U.S.-Cuban relations , told The Associated Press that Cuban authorities are frustrated by Reno 's failure to set a new deadline and the INS 's failure to enforce its decision . ` ` We have gotten the same message from U.S. officials -- in private -- several times that it is not advisable for this man to appear in U.S. territory , ' ' said Alarcon . The concern in Cuba always has been that if Gonzalez goes he will immediately become involved in political and legal problems that will prevent his speedy return . ` ` I would go there just for one minute to get him . To get him . Reno allowed the extension of the deadline after rejecting a Florida state court order that Elian remain in Miami until March 6 to hear arguments by his American relatives . 	answer: positive
event: Fidel Castro 's point man on U.S. relations expressed impatience at Washington 's failure to enforce a repatriation order starts after tens of thousands of Cuban women -- hundreds visibly pregnant and others carrying small children -- waving Cuban flags story: HAVANA ( AP ) -- Elian 's young stepmother , Nelsy , flanked by his two grandmothers , was at the head of the ` ` March of the Combatant Mothers , ' ' pushing his half - brother in a stroller . Cuban authorities estimated that 100,000 women participated in the march . He has been staying with relatives in Miami who do not want to send him back to Cuba . The U.S. Immigration and Naturalization Service had ruled that Elian must be returned to his father , Juan Miguel Gonzalez , and set Friday as the deadline for his repatriation to Cuba . But this week , Attorney General Janet Reno lifted the deadline to give Elian 's relatives in Miami a chance to fight in federal court to keep the boy with them . Ricardo Alarcon , president of the National Assembly and Castro 's point man on U.S.-Cuban relations , told The Associated Press that Cuban authorities are frustrated by Reno 's failure to set a new deadline and the INS 's failure to enforce its decision . ` ` We have gotten the same message from U.S. officials -- in private -- several times that it is not advisable for this man to appear in U.S. territory , ' ' said Alarcon . The concern in Cuba always has been that if Gonzalez goes he will immediately become involved in political and legal problems that will prevent his speedy return . ` ` I would go there just for one minute to get him . To get him . Reno allowed the extension of the deadline after rejecting a Florida state court order that Elian remain in Miami until March 6 to hear arguments by his American relatives . 	answer: negative
event: when Sununu started calling congressional Republicans and , in particular , would object if he were fired starts before Officials said the president himself met with Sununu Sunday story: One of President Bush 's sons has informed White House Chief of Staff John Sununu that he has lost much of his support among Republicans , prompting an intense effort by Sununu to hold on to his job by demonstrating his GOP backing , White House and Republican sources said Monday . Sununu was told Wednesday by Bush 's son , George , that he had alienated members of the Cabinet , the White House staff and the Republican political community , creating a situation that puts his effectiveness in significant doubt , the sources said . The message to the chief of staff was meant to be taken as a suggestion that Sununu offer to resign , one highly placed source said . One senior official Monday described the White House as " a collection of small groups of aides holding their breaths , " waiting to see whether Sununu survives . One GOP source , reporting on a call from the chief of staff to a Republican leader , said Sununu lamented that " the noose is tightening around my neck , and I need your help . " Another highly placed source said the president 's son met with Sununu last week after holding a series of conversations about the structure of the White House staff and of the campaign with other Bush loyalists and GOP activists . " That , the source said , was when Sununu  started calling congressional Republicans and asking them to tell Bush that the conservative wing of the party , in particular , would object if he were fired . Officials  said the president himself met with Sununu Sunday . A source said the outcome of that session was unclear . 	answer: positive
event: when Sununu started calling congressional Republicans and , in particular , would object if he were fired starts after Officials said the president himself met with Sununu Sunday story: One of President Bush 's sons has informed White House Chief of Staff John Sununu that he has lost much of his support among Republicans , prompting an intense effort by Sununu to hold on to his job by demonstrating his GOP backing , White House and Republican sources said Monday . Sununu was told Wednesday by Bush 's son , George , that he had alienated members of the Cabinet , the White House staff and the Republican political community , creating a situation that puts his effectiveness in significant doubt , the sources said . The message to the chief of staff was meant to be taken as a suggestion that Sununu offer to resign , one highly placed source said . One senior official Monday described the White House as " a collection of small groups of aides holding their breaths , " waiting to see whether Sununu survives . One GOP source , reporting on a call from the chief of staff to a Republican leader , said Sununu lamented that " the noose is tightening around my neck , and I need your help . " Another highly placed source said the president 's son met with Sununu last week after holding a series of conversations about the structure of the White House staff and of the campaign with other Bush loyalists and GOP activists . " That , the source said , was when Sununu  started calling congressional Republicans and asking them to tell Bush that the conservative wing of the party , in particular , would object if he were fired . Officials  said the president himself met with Sununu Sunday . A source said the outcome of that session was unclear . 	answer: negative
event: a letter published Wednesday starts after Juan Miguel Gonzalez wrote in a letter published on the front page of the Communist Party daily Granma story: ` ` We are worried not only about his prolonged kidnapping , ' ' Juan Miguel Gonzalez  wrote in a letter published on the front page of the Communist Party daily Granma . Hundreds of former fighters in the revolution that brought Castro to power 42 years ago gathered Wednesday night to denounce the Miami ` ` worms ' ' who support Elian 's being kept in the United States . Gonzalez had written a letter earlier this week to Attorney General Janet Reno , demanding Elian be returned to him and saying he did not recognize the courts hearing the custody battle . The Justice Department said it was reviewing that letter . Gonzalez 's second letter to Reno in two weeks was published in Granma on Tuesday . In the letter , Gonzalez said he does not recognize the jurisdiction of the U.S. court system , which is weighing an attempt by Elian 's Miami relatives to block his return to Cuba . The boy 's mother and 10 other people died when their boat sank on the way from Cuba to the United States . Cuban exiles in Miami say the boy 's mother died to give him freedom in the United States , while the Cuban government maintains Elian is being improperly kept from his father . ` ` Juan Miguel must not have written the letter himself , ' ' said Armando Gutierrez , spokesman for Elian 's relatives in Miami . U.S. government lawyers have moved to dismiss the Miami relatives ' lawsuit , arguing that they have no legal standing in the boy 's case . 	answer: positive
event: a letter published Wednesday starts before Juan Miguel Gonzalez wrote in a letter published on the front page of the Communist Party daily Granma story: ` ` We are worried not only about his prolonged kidnapping , ' ' Juan Miguel Gonzalez  wrote in a letter published on the front page of the Communist Party daily Granma . Hundreds of former fighters in the revolution that brought Castro to power 42 years ago gathered Wednesday night to denounce the Miami ` ` worms ' ' who support Elian 's being kept in the United States . Gonzalez had written a letter earlier this week to Attorney General Janet Reno , demanding Elian be returned to him and saying he did not recognize the courts hearing the custody battle . The Justice Department said it was reviewing that letter . Gonzalez 's second letter to Reno in two weeks was published in Granma on Tuesday . In the letter , Gonzalez said he does not recognize the jurisdiction of the U.S. court system , which is weighing an attempt by Elian 's Miami relatives to block his return to Cuba . The boy 's mother and 10 other people died when their boat sank on the way from Cuba to the United States . Cuban exiles in Miami say the boy 's mother died to give him freedom in the United States , while the Cuban government maintains Elian is being improperly kept from his father . ` ` Juan Miguel must not have written the letter himself , ' ' said Armando Gutierrez , spokesman for Elian 's relatives in Miami . U.S. government lawyers have moved to dismiss the Miami relatives ' lawsuit , arguing that they have no legal standing in the boy 's case . 	answer: negative
event: Western diplomats and intelligence officials say there is no reason to believe that terrorists affiliated with Osama bin Laden , the exiled Saudi millionaire who is accused of organizing the Embassy bombings , plan to strike again soon in either country starts after the exiled Saudi millionaire who accused of organizing the Embassy bombings story: WASHINGTON _ But they report a number of worried calls from prospective travelers , many of them alarmed by the possibility of more terrorist attacks in the region . New public announcements put out on Aug. 13 suggest only that Americans ` ` exercise caution ' ' when visiting Kenya and Tanzania . Embassy employees in both cities have gone back to work , although in new locations . The bombed - out Embassy in Nairobi is expected to be demolished after the FBI has finished gathering evidence . The embassy in Dar es Salaam suffered less damage from the blast , although it , too , may have to be razed . Foreign visitors to Nairobi and Dar es Salaam since the bombings have noted a reassuringly heavy presence of both police and soldiers on the streets of the two capitals . Still , the televised images of the charred hulks of the American Embassy buildings will likely haunt the travel industry in East Africa for years . ` ` The tourism industry is very sensitive to the news media , ' ' said Ms. Mkimbo . The bombing will doubtless set back those efforts . The number of visitors to Tanzania jumped from fewer than 100,000 in 1980 to more than 300,000 last year , prompting the government to improve roads needed for safari tours . ` ` We had one cancellation from a couple who decided they were just going to wait and see what happened , ' ' he said . ` ` Our clients are adventure travelers and most of them are very savvy . They understand , he said , that increasingly terrorism knows no borders . ( 254 - 2 ) 751 - 613 . 	answer: positive
event: Western diplomats and intelligence officials say there is no reason to believe that terrorists affiliated with Osama bin Laden , the exiled Saudi millionaire who is accused of organizing the Embassy bombings , plan to strike again soon in either country starts before the exiled Saudi millionaire who accused of organizing the Embassy bombings story: WASHINGTON _ But they report a number of worried calls from prospective travelers , many of them alarmed by the possibility of more terrorist attacks in the region . New public announcements put out on Aug. 13 suggest only that Americans ` ` exercise caution ' ' when visiting Kenya and Tanzania . Embassy employees in both cities have gone back to work , although in new locations . The bombed - out Embassy in Nairobi is expected to be demolished after the FBI has finished gathering evidence . The embassy in Dar es Salaam suffered less damage from the blast , although it , too , may have to be razed . Foreign visitors to Nairobi and Dar es Salaam since the bombings have noted a reassuringly heavy presence of both police and soldiers on the streets of the two capitals . Still , the televised images of the charred hulks of the American Embassy buildings will likely haunt the travel industry in East Africa for years . ` ` The tourism industry is very sensitive to the news media , ' ' said Ms. Mkimbo . The bombing will doubtless set back those efforts . The number of visitors to Tanzania jumped from fewer than 100,000 in 1980 to more than 300,000 last year , prompting the government to improve roads needed for safari tours . ` ` We had one cancellation from a couple who decided they were just going to wait and see what happened , ' ' he said . ` ` Our clients are adventure travelers and most of them are very savvy . They understand , he said , that increasingly terrorism knows no borders . ( 254 - 2 ) 751 - 613 . 	answer: negative
event: Susan Dudley , deputy director of the National Abortion Federation , called anti - abortion groups to shift their tactics starts after the rhetoric of the anti - abortion movement helped lead to violent attacks against abortion providers story: Slepian 's lawyer , Glenn Edward Murray , said the sniper 's bullet entered through a partially draped kitchen window , hit Slepian in the back and exited through his chest . The doctor 's wife and one of his sons were in the kitchen when the shooting occurred , Murray said . Slepian 's wife and one son tried to revive him . Spitz said in a statement released to The Associated Press , ` ` the same way we would want someone to protect us . Most other opponents of abortion , however , condemned the shooting and abortion . In his Sunday Mass at St. Patrick 's Cathedral in New York , Cardinal John O'Connor called the murder wrong but he urged those angered by the slaying to be equally angered by abortions . ` ` He called on many of the same people to express outrage at partial birth abortion , which he called the equivalent of infanticide , ' ' Joseph Zwilling , a spokesman for the Archdiocese of New York , said of the cardinal 's sermon . but he went on to defend the Church 's opposition to abortion as ` ` respecting of human life in all its forms , especially the most vulnerable . ' ` ` I think that when pro - life organizations try to distinguish between themselves and these incidents they are at best being disingenuous , ' ' she said . Many residents said abortion had gradually dwindled as a local issue since Operation Rescue , an anti - abortion group , started a series of largely unsuccessful ` ` Spring of Life ' ' demonstrations in 1992 intended to shut down abortion clinics and harass local doctors , including Slepian . 	answer: positive
event: Susan Dudley , deputy director of the National Abortion Federation , called anti - abortion groups to shift their tactics starts before the rhetoric of the anti - abortion movement helped lead to violent attacks against abortion providers story: Slepian 's lawyer , Glenn Edward Murray , said the sniper 's bullet entered through a partially draped kitchen window , hit Slepian in the back and exited through his chest . The doctor 's wife and one of his sons were in the kitchen when the shooting occurred , Murray said . Slepian 's wife and one son tried to revive him . Spitz said in a statement released to The Associated Press , ` ` the same way we would want someone to protect us . Most other opponents of abortion , however , condemned the shooting and abortion . In his Sunday Mass at St. Patrick 's Cathedral in New York , Cardinal John O'Connor called the murder wrong but he urged those angered by the slaying to be equally angered by abortions . ` ` He called on many of the same people to express outrage at partial birth abortion , which he called the equivalent of infanticide , ' ' Joseph Zwilling , a spokesman for the Archdiocese of New York , said of the cardinal 's sermon . but he went on to defend the Church 's opposition to abortion as ` ` respecting of human life in all its forms , especially the most vulnerable . ' ` ` I think that when pro - life organizations try to distinguish between themselves and these incidents they are at best being disingenuous , ' ' she said . Many residents said abortion had gradually dwindled as a local issue since Operation Rescue , an anti - abortion group , started a series of largely unsuccessful ` ` Spring of Life ' ' demonstrations in 1992 intended to shut down abortion clinics and harass local doctors , including Slepian . 	answer: negative
event: the proposed guidelines caused Crossland to revise its business objectives and , consequently , to write down the asset value of some previous acquisitions starts before Crossland consequently write the asset value of some previous acquisitions story: In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange Friday , Crossland closed at $ 5.25 , down $ 1.875 , a 26 % decline . He added that final guidelines to be published in early November will determine whether the bank is in compliance . Crossland said it retained three investment bankers to assist it in developing and implementing a financial restructuring plan . It would n't identify the bankers . Additionally , Crossland reported a third - quarter loss of $ 175.5 million , or $ 13.44 a share , compared with net income of $ 27.1 million , or $ 1.16 a share , a year ago . A major factor in the third - quarter loss was the write - down of $ 143.6 million of goodwill . The spokesman said that the proposed guidelines  caused Crossland to revise its business objectives and , consequently , to  write down the asset value of some previous acquisitions . However , non - interest income rose to $ 23.5 million from $ 22 million . Third - quarter loan originations dropped sharply to $ 663 million from $ 1 billion a year ago . Standard amp Poor 's Corp. lowered the rating on Crossland 's preferred stock to double - C from single - B - minus and placed it on CreditWatch for possible further downgrade . It also placed on CreditWatch for possible downgrade other securities , including the double - B - minus / B rating of Crossland 's certificates of deposit and the single - B rating of its senior subordinated capital notes . About $ 518 million of debt is affected . 	answer: positive
event: the proposed guidelines caused Crossland to revise its business objectives and , consequently , to write down the asset value of some previous acquisitions starts after Crossland consequently write the asset value of some previous acquisitions story: In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange Friday , Crossland closed at $ 5.25 , down $ 1.875 , a 26 % decline . He added that final guidelines to be published in early November will determine whether the bank is in compliance . Crossland said it retained three investment bankers to assist it in developing and implementing a financial restructuring plan . It would n't identify the bankers . Additionally , Crossland reported a third - quarter loss of $ 175.5 million , or $ 13.44 a share , compared with net income of $ 27.1 million , or $ 1.16 a share , a year ago . A major factor in the third - quarter loss was the write - down of $ 143.6 million of goodwill . The spokesman said that the proposed guidelines  caused Crossland to revise its business objectives and , consequently , to  write down the asset value of some previous acquisitions . However , non - interest income rose to $ 23.5 million from $ 22 million . Third - quarter loan originations dropped sharply to $ 663 million from $ 1 billion a year ago . Standard amp Poor 's Corp. lowered the rating on Crossland 's preferred stock to double - C from single - B - minus and placed it on CreditWatch for possible further downgrade . It also placed on CreditWatch for possible downgrade other securities , including the double - B - minus / B rating of Crossland 's certificates of deposit and the single - B rating of its senior subordinated capital notes . About $ 518 million of debt is affected . 	answer: negative
event: They understand that increasingly terrorism knows no borders starts before They understand he said that increasingly terrorism knows no borders story: Tour operators who specialize in travel in Kenya and Tanzania , which boast some of Africa 's best game parks and sunniest beaches , say there have been no mass cancellations as a result of the Aug. 7 Embassy bombings in Nairobi , the Kenyan capital , and Dar es Salaam , Tanzania , which left more than 250 people dead . But they report a number of worried calls from prospective travelers , many of them alarmed by the possibility of more terrorist attacks in the region . ` ` People have been calling , and we 've been reassuring them that we do n't see further problems , ' ' said Mary Mkimbo , a spokeswoman in New York for the Kenya Tourist Office . Foreign visitors to Nairobi and Dar es Salaam since the bombings have noted a reassuringly heavy presence of both police and soldiers on the streets of the two capitals . Crew - cut FBI agents fill many of the luxury hotels in the two cities . Western diplomats and intelligence officials say there is no reason to believe that terrorists affiliated with Osama bin Laden , the exiled Saudi millionaire who is accused of organizing the Embassy bombings , plan to strike again soon in either country . The number of visitors to Tanzania jumped from fewer than 100,000 in 1980 to more than 300,000 last year , prompting the government to improve roads needed for safari tours . ` ` We had one cancellation from a couple who decided they were just going to wait and see what happened , ' ' he said . They  understand , he  said , that increasingly terrorism knows no borders . ( 254 - 2 ) 751 - 613 . 	answer: positive
event: They understand that increasingly terrorism knows no borders starts after They understand he said that increasingly terrorism knows no borders story: Tour operators who specialize in travel in Kenya and Tanzania , which boast some of Africa 's best game parks and sunniest beaches , say there have been no mass cancellations as a result of the Aug. 7 Embassy bombings in Nairobi , the Kenyan capital , and Dar es Salaam , Tanzania , which left more than 250 people dead . But they report a number of worried calls from prospective travelers , many of them alarmed by the possibility of more terrorist attacks in the region . ` ` People have been calling , and we 've been reassuring them that we do n't see further problems , ' ' said Mary Mkimbo , a spokeswoman in New York for the Kenya Tourist Office . Foreign visitors to Nairobi and Dar es Salaam since the bombings have noted a reassuringly heavy presence of both police and soldiers on the streets of the two capitals . Crew - cut FBI agents fill many of the luxury hotels in the two cities . Western diplomats and intelligence officials say there is no reason to believe that terrorists affiliated with Osama bin Laden , the exiled Saudi millionaire who is accused of organizing the Embassy bombings , plan to strike again soon in either country . The number of visitors to Tanzania jumped from fewer than 100,000 in 1980 to more than 300,000 last year , prompting the government to improve roads needed for safari tours . ` ` We had one cancellation from a couple who decided they were just going to wait and see what happened , ' ' he said . They  understand , he  said , that increasingly terrorism knows no borders . ( 254 - 2 ) 751 - 613 . 	answer: negative
event: During the quarter Delta repurchased 1.1 million shares for use in a company employee stock ownership plan starts before The key to Delta 's record earnings continued to be excellent passenger revenue growth said Thomas Roeck , chief financial officer story: Delta Air Lines earnings soared 33 % to a record in the fiscal first quarter , bucking the industry trend toward declining profits . For the quarter ended Sept. 30 , Delta posted net income of $ 133.1 million , or $ 2.53 a share , up from $ 100 million , or $ 2.03 a share , a year earlier . Revenue rose 15 % to $ 2.17 billion from $ 1.89 billion . During the quarter , Delta issued 2.5 million shares of common stock to Swissair , and  repurchased 1.1 million shares for use in a company employee stock ownership plan . " Passenger traffic jumped 14 % in the quarter , while profit per passenger grew 2 % . Delta has benefited more than other carriers from the weakness of Eastern Airlines , which shares the Atlanta hub . Separately , America West Airlines , Phoenix , Ariz. , reported third - quarter profit jumped 45 % to $ 5.8 million , or 28 cents a share , from $ 4 million , or 24 cents a share , a year earlier . The latest results include a $ 2.6 million one - time payment from a " foreign entity . " America West would n't identify the entity , but said the payment was for the foreign company 's use of certain tax benefits in connection with America West plane purchases . Year - earlier results included an extraordinary gain of $ 1.6 million from a buy - back of convertible subordinated debentures . Revenue rose 21 % to $ 243.4 million from $ 201.2 million . Revenue rose 27 % to $ 715.1 million from $ 563.8 million . 	answer: positive
event: During the quarter Delta repurchased 1.1 million shares for use in a company employee stock ownership plan starts after The key to Delta 's record earnings continued to be excellent passenger revenue growth said Thomas Roeck , chief financial officer story: Delta Air Lines earnings soared 33 % to a record in the fiscal first quarter , bucking the industry trend toward declining profits . For the quarter ended Sept. 30 , Delta posted net income of $ 133.1 million , or $ 2.53 a share , up from $ 100 million , or $ 2.03 a share , a year earlier . Revenue rose 15 % to $ 2.17 billion from $ 1.89 billion . During the quarter , Delta issued 2.5 million shares of common stock to Swissair , and  repurchased 1.1 million shares for use in a company employee stock ownership plan . " Passenger traffic jumped 14 % in the quarter , while profit per passenger grew 2 % . Delta has benefited more than other carriers from the weakness of Eastern Airlines , which shares the Atlanta hub . Separately , America West Airlines , Phoenix , Ariz. , reported third - quarter profit jumped 45 % to $ 5.8 million , or 28 cents a share , from $ 4 million , or 24 cents a share , a year earlier . The latest results include a $ 2.6 million one - time payment from a " foreign entity . " America West would n't identify the entity , but said the payment was for the foreign company 's use of certain tax benefits in connection with America West plane purchases . Year - earlier results included an extraordinary gain of $ 1.6 million from a buy - back of convertible subordinated debentures . Revenue rose 21 % to $ 243.4 million from $ 201.2 million . Revenue rose 27 % to $ 715.1 million from $ 563.8 million . 	answer: negative
event: Reiss amp Co. B.V. of the Netherlands filed a request with the Federal Trade Commission under the Hart - Scott - Rodino Act for permission to buy more than $ 15 million of Nashua 's stock but less than 25 % starts after Previously an affiliate of Unicorp Canada disclosed a stake of less than 5 % in Nashua according to Daniel M. Junius , Nashua 's treasurer story: Nashua immediately responded by strengthening a poison - pill plan and saying it will buy back up to one million of its shares , or 10.4 % of the 9.6 million outstanding . Nashua , whose major business is selling copiers , facsimile machines and related supplies , said Previously , an affiliate of Unicorp Canada  disclosed a stake of less than 5 % in Nashua , according to Daniel M. Junius , Nashua 's treasurer . But the company has had weak results so far this year , with earnings declining 43 % to $ 13.7 million , or $ 1.43 a share , on a 4 % decline in revenue to $ 713.5 million through the first nine months of the year . Its stock has slumped recently , closing unchanged Friday at $ 29 a share in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange ; at that price , the company has a market value of about $ 278.4 million . Nashua announced the Reiss request after the market closed . Mr. Junius said Nashua 's " intention is to remain an independent public company . Alex Henderson , an analyst at Prudential - Bache Securities , said that while Nashua 's performance this year has been " atrocious , " the company nonetheless is attractive as a " classic breakup candidate because there 's no similarity between its { four } businesses . " He estimated the breakup value at $ 55 a share . In addition to selling Japanese - made photocopiers and facsimile machines in Europe and copier supplies in the U.S. , Nashua has three other major businesses : labels and tapes , data storage disks for computers and mail - order photofinishing . 	answer: positive
event: Reiss amp Co. B.V. of the Netherlands filed a request with the Federal Trade Commission under the Hart - Scott - Rodino Act for permission to buy more than $ 15 million of Nashua 's stock but less than 25 % starts before Previously an affiliate of Unicorp Canada disclosed a stake of less than 5 % in Nashua according to Daniel M. Junius , Nashua 's treasurer story: Nashua immediately responded by strengthening a poison - pill plan and saying it will buy back up to one million of its shares , or 10.4 % of the 9.6 million outstanding . Nashua , whose major business is selling copiers , facsimile machines and related supplies , said Previously , an affiliate of Unicorp Canada  disclosed a stake of less than 5 % in Nashua , according to Daniel M. Junius , Nashua 's treasurer . But the company has had weak results so far this year , with earnings declining 43 % to $ 13.7 million , or $ 1.43 a share , on a 4 % decline in revenue to $ 713.5 million through the first nine months of the year . Its stock has slumped recently , closing unchanged Friday at $ 29 a share in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange ; at that price , the company has a market value of about $ 278.4 million . Nashua announced the Reiss request after the market closed . Mr. Junius said Nashua 's " intention is to remain an independent public company . Alex Henderson , an analyst at Prudential - Bache Securities , said that while Nashua 's performance this year has been " atrocious , " the company nonetheless is attractive as a " classic breakup candidate because there 's no similarity between its { four } businesses . " He estimated the breakup value at $ 55 a share . In addition to selling Japanese - made photocopiers and facsimile machines in Europe and copier supplies in the U.S. , Nashua has three other major businesses : labels and tapes , data storage disks for computers and mail - order photofinishing . 	answer: negative
event: attempts to kill President Fidel Castro starts before signs demanding Freedom for Elian the same battle cry regularly chanted during rallies on this side of the Florida Straits story: While state - run television broadcast footage of Cuban exiles protesting in Miami against the repatriation of Elian Gonzalez , the Cuban government urged its people to keep up their own demonstrations to ensure the boy 's return . After the rally , state television showed the Cuban exiles in the streets of Miami -- some of them carrying signs  demanding ` ` Freedom for Elian , ' ' the same battle cry regularly chanted during rallies on this side of the Florida Straits . A voiceover to the footage called the exiles ` ` criminals ' ' and ` ` mafia members . ' ' Hundreds of Cuban - Americans chanting ` ` Liberty ! Liberty ! ' ' blocked intersections and cut off access to the Port of Miami . Saying ` ` nothing is certain ' ' about Elian 's return , Cuba 's government exhorted citizens to keep rallying , after the boy 's relatives in Miami said they would look for ways to get around Wednesday 's ruling by the U.S. Immigration and Naturalization Service to repatriate the child by Jan. 14 . Cuban exiles in Miami will now ` ` proceed with all their resources to impede or delay ' ' the ruling , Cuba predicted Wednesday . His mother died in a boating accident trying to get Elian and herself to the United States . The boy 's father , Juan Miguel Gonzalez , lives in Cuba and wants Elian back . But Elian 's relatives in Miami have fought to keep the boy , saying they could provide him with a better life . Neither he nor Elian 's four grandparents could be located in their hometown of Cardenas , east of Havana . 	answer: positive
event: attempts to kill President Fidel Castro starts after signs demanding Freedom for Elian the same battle cry regularly chanted during rallies on this side of the Florida Straits story: While state - run television broadcast footage of Cuban exiles protesting in Miami against the repatriation of Elian Gonzalez , the Cuban government urged its people to keep up their own demonstrations to ensure the boy 's return . After the rally , state television showed the Cuban exiles in the streets of Miami -- some of them carrying signs  demanding ` ` Freedom for Elian , ' ' the same battle cry regularly chanted during rallies on this side of the Florida Straits . A voiceover to the footage called the exiles ` ` criminals ' ' and ` ` mafia members . ' ' Hundreds of Cuban - Americans chanting ` ` Liberty ! Liberty ! ' ' blocked intersections and cut off access to the Port of Miami . Saying ` ` nothing is certain ' ' about Elian 's return , Cuba 's government exhorted citizens to keep rallying , after the boy 's relatives in Miami said they would look for ways to get around Wednesday 's ruling by the U.S. Immigration and Naturalization Service to repatriate the child by Jan. 14 . Cuban exiles in Miami will now ` ` proceed with all their resources to impede or delay ' ' the ruling , Cuba predicted Wednesday . His mother died in a boating accident trying to get Elian and herself to the United States . The boy 's father , Juan Miguel Gonzalez , lives in Cuba and wants Elian back . But Elian 's relatives in Miami have fought to keep the boy , saying they could provide him with a better life . Neither he nor Elian 's four grandparents could be located in their hometown of Cardenas , east of Havana . 	answer: negative
event: In Delaware Chancery Court litigation Telerate criticized Dow Jones for not disclosing that Telerate 's management expects the company 's revenue to increase by 20 % annually while Dow Jones based its projections of Telerate 's performance on a 12 % revenue growth forecast starts after it views the 20 % growth rate as a hoped - for goal " of Telerate 's management " and not as a realistic basis on which to project the company 's likely future performance story: Dow Jones said it extended the offer to allow shareholders time to review a supplement to the Dow Jones tender offer circular that it mailed last Friday . The supplement contains various information that has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission since Dow Jones launched the offer on Sept. 26 , but it does n't change the terms and conditions of the offer except to extend its expiration date . In Delaware Chancery Court litigation , Telerate has  criticized Dow Jones for not disclosing that Telerate 's management expects the company 's revenue to increase by 20 % annually , while Dow Jones based its projections of Telerate 's performance on a 12 % revenue growth forecast . In the tender offer supplement , Dow Jones discloses the different growth forecasts but says it  views the 20 % growth rate " as a hoped - for goal " of Telerate 's management " and not as a realistic basis on which to project the company 's likely future performance . " Telerate shares fell 50 cents on Friday to close at $ 20 each in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . Dow Jones has said it believes the $ 18-a - share price is fair to Telerate 's minority shareholders . Late last week , representatives of Dow Jones and Telerate began negotiations about the terms of the offer , but those talks did n't result in any changes in the offer . Dow Jones , which owns 67 % of Telerate , publishes The Wall Street Journal , Barron 's magazine , community newspapers and operates financial news services and computer data bases . 	answer: positive
event: In Delaware Chancery Court litigation Telerate criticized Dow Jones for not disclosing that Telerate 's management expects the company 's revenue to increase by 20 % annually while Dow Jones based its projections of Telerate 's performance on a 12 % revenue growth forecast starts before it views the 20 % growth rate as a hoped - for goal " of Telerate 's management " and not as a realistic basis on which to project the company 's likely future performance story: Dow Jones said it extended the offer to allow shareholders time to review a supplement to the Dow Jones tender offer circular that it mailed last Friday . The supplement contains various information that has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission since Dow Jones launched the offer on Sept. 26 , but it does n't change the terms and conditions of the offer except to extend its expiration date . In Delaware Chancery Court litigation , Telerate has  criticized Dow Jones for not disclosing that Telerate 's management expects the company 's revenue to increase by 20 % annually , while Dow Jones based its projections of Telerate 's performance on a 12 % revenue growth forecast . In the tender offer supplement , Dow Jones discloses the different growth forecasts but says it  views the 20 % growth rate " as a hoped - for goal " of Telerate 's management " and not as a realistic basis on which to project the company 's likely future performance . " Telerate shares fell 50 cents on Friday to close at $ 20 each in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . Dow Jones has said it believes the $ 18-a - share price is fair to Telerate 's minority shareholders . Late last week , representatives of Dow Jones and Telerate began negotiations about the terms of the offer , but those talks did n't result in any changes in the offer . Dow Jones , which owns 67 % of Telerate , publishes The Wall Street Journal , Barron 's magazine , community newspapers and operates financial news services and computer data bases . 	answer: negative
event: the bomb exploded starts after bombers destined for Kenya dispatched through Somalia and Rwanda story: ( Xinhua ) -- Director of the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) Louis Freeh said here Friday that U.S. air raid on Afghanistan and Sudan is not directly linked with the probe into the August 7 bombings in east Africa . This is an investigation proceeding on many fronts , " said Freeh at a press conference at the Jomo Kenyatta airport before returning home . " Hundreds of people have been interviewed " and investigators probably have to take quite a long time to compile evidence in the two bomb blasts so as to reach any conclusion , he said . U.S. President Bill Clinton said Thursday that he had ordered the strikes after receiving " convincing evidence " that the terrorist facilities the U.S. raided in Sudan and Afghanistan had played key roles in the bomb attacks in capitals of Kenya and Tanzania . However , Freeh said although the bombing investigators from the FBI , Kenya and Tanzania have been working very hard and made " very good progress " on the case , so far no conclusion or decision can be made at this stage . After touring Tanzanian capital Dar es Salaam Thursday and meeting with Kenyan police leaders Friday morning , the FBI chief also said that he is very satisfied with the close and effective cooperation among the FBI agents and the police in Kenya and Tanzania . A senior government official who saw the confessions of suspects was quoted Friday by local media as saying that an Egyptian Islamic Jihad group , linked with Laden , planned the attacks . The car bomb attack at the U.S. embassy in Nairobi killed 253 people and injured 5,000 others . 	answer: positive
event: the bomb exploded starts before bombers destined for Kenya dispatched through Somalia and Rwanda story: ( Xinhua ) -- Director of the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) Louis Freeh said here Friday that U.S. air raid on Afghanistan and Sudan is not directly linked with the probe into the August 7 bombings in east Africa . This is an investigation proceeding on many fronts , " said Freeh at a press conference at the Jomo Kenyatta airport before returning home . " Hundreds of people have been interviewed " and investigators probably have to take quite a long time to compile evidence in the two bomb blasts so as to reach any conclusion , he said . U.S. President Bill Clinton said Thursday that he had ordered the strikes after receiving " convincing evidence " that the terrorist facilities the U.S. raided in Sudan and Afghanistan had played key roles in the bomb attacks in capitals of Kenya and Tanzania . However , Freeh said although the bombing investigators from the FBI , Kenya and Tanzania have been working very hard and made " very good progress " on the case , so far no conclusion or decision can be made at this stage . After touring Tanzanian capital Dar es Salaam Thursday and meeting with Kenyan police leaders Friday morning , the FBI chief also said that he is very satisfied with the close and effective cooperation among the FBI agents and the police in Kenya and Tanzania . A senior government official who saw the confessions of suspects was quoted Friday by local media as saying that an Egyptian Islamic Jihad group , linked with Laden , planned the attacks . The car bomb attack at the U.S. embassy in Nairobi killed 253 people and injured 5,000 others . 	answer: negative
event: the first group of 230 evacuees assembling in Baghdad today starts before evacuation plans hampered by desert heat and lack of transportation story: Also today , King Hussein of Jordan arrived in Washington seeking to mediate the Persian Gulf crisis . In a letter to President Hashemi Rafsanjani of Iran , read by a broadcaster over Baghdad radio , Saddam said he will begin withdrawing troops from Iranian territory on Friday and release Iranian prisoners of war . The outlook darkened for about 3,000 Americans caught in Iraq and Kuwait when Saddam sent his forces into the small , oil - rich sultanate . The Soviet Foreign Ministry said Soviet women , children and invalids would be permitted to leave Iraq . Nearly 9,000 Soviets were among the hundreds of thousands of foreigners trapped in Iraq and Kuwait . The Iraqi ambassador to Venezuela said on Tuesday that Iraq would retaliate against Venezuela and other OPEC oil cartel members if they boost oil production to fill the gap created by blocked supplies from Iraq and Kuwait . Bush then sent U.S. troops and planes to Saudi Arabia , saying Iraqi troops massed nearby in Kuwait threatened Saudi Arabia and its vast oil reserves . Twelve Arab League nations voted for an Arab force to protect Saudi Arabia , with the vanguard of Syria 's contingent arriving Tuesday , according to diplomatic sources in Riyadh , the Saudi capital . Egyptian and Moroccan troops are already there . In Saudi Arabia , today is the eighth day of ` ` Desert Shield , ' ' the operation designed to confront an estimated 200,000 Iraqi soldiers now in Kuwait . At least 50,000 U.S. troops are expected to be committed to Desert Shield within weeks , including Marines , Army air assault forces , paratroopers and infantry . 	answer: positive
event: the first group of 230 evacuees assembling in Baghdad today starts after evacuation plans hampered by desert heat and lack of transportation story: Also today , King Hussein of Jordan arrived in Washington seeking to mediate the Persian Gulf crisis . In a letter to President Hashemi Rafsanjani of Iran , read by a broadcaster over Baghdad radio , Saddam said he will begin withdrawing troops from Iranian territory on Friday and release Iranian prisoners of war . The outlook darkened for about 3,000 Americans caught in Iraq and Kuwait when Saddam sent his forces into the small , oil - rich sultanate . The Soviet Foreign Ministry said Soviet women , children and invalids would be permitted to leave Iraq . Nearly 9,000 Soviets were among the hundreds of thousands of foreigners trapped in Iraq and Kuwait . The Iraqi ambassador to Venezuela said on Tuesday that Iraq would retaliate against Venezuela and other OPEC oil cartel members if they boost oil production to fill the gap created by blocked supplies from Iraq and Kuwait . Bush then sent U.S. troops and planes to Saudi Arabia , saying Iraqi troops massed nearby in Kuwait threatened Saudi Arabia and its vast oil reserves . Twelve Arab League nations voted for an Arab force to protect Saudi Arabia , with the vanguard of Syria 's contingent arriving Tuesday , according to diplomatic sources in Riyadh , the Saudi capital . Egyptian and Moroccan troops are already there . In Saudi Arabia , today is the eighth day of ` ` Desert Shield , ' ' the operation designed to confront an estimated 200,000 Iraqi soldiers now in Kuwait . At least 50,000 U.S. troops are expected to be committed to Desert Shield within weeks , including Marines , Army air assault forces , paratroopers and infantry . 	answer: negative
event: Since then 427 fugitives taken into custody 133 of them as a result of citizen assistance starts before Since then , 427 fugitives have been taken into custody or located , 133 of them as a result of citizen assistance the FBI said story: HAMILTON ( AP ) -- Canadian authorities issued a nationwide arrest warrant Monday for James Charles Kopp , a U.S. fugitive on the FBI 's most wanted list for an alleged anti - abortion murder . Kopp also is wanted for questioning in at least two other shootings of doctors who performed abortions . The Canadian warrant issued Monday charged Kopp with attempted murder in the 1995 shooting of Dr. Hugh Short , who was wounded in the elbow but survived the attack at his home in Ancaster , Ontario . ` ` It allows us to spread his name far and wide across Canada and say that he is wanted for attempted murder , ' ' said police Inspector Dave Bowen . He also is wanted in connection with the shooting of doctors in Winnipeg , Vancouver and Rochester , New York . Kopp purports to be a devout Roman Catholic , and the majority of jobs he has held over the past 20 years have been related to the anti - abortion movement , the U.S. Justice Department said last year . He has been arrested more than a dozen times during abortion protests in seven states and Italy . The FBI says Kopp has used 29 aliases . He was the 456th person to be placed on the FBI 's most wanted list , which began in 1950 . Since then , 427 fugitives have been  taken into custody or located , 133 of them as a result of citizen assistance , the FBI  said . A total of $ 650,000 is being offered in the United States for information leading to Kopp 's arrest . 	answer: positive
event: Since then 427 fugitives taken into custody 133 of them as a result of citizen assistance starts after Since then , 427 fugitives have been taken into custody or located , 133 of them as a result of citizen assistance the FBI said story: HAMILTON ( AP ) -- Canadian authorities issued a nationwide arrest warrant Monday for James Charles Kopp , a U.S. fugitive on the FBI 's most wanted list for an alleged anti - abortion murder . Kopp also is wanted for questioning in at least two other shootings of doctors who performed abortions . The Canadian warrant issued Monday charged Kopp with attempted murder in the 1995 shooting of Dr. Hugh Short , who was wounded in the elbow but survived the attack at his home in Ancaster , Ontario . ` ` It allows us to spread his name far and wide across Canada and say that he is wanted for attempted murder , ' ' said police Inspector Dave Bowen . He also is wanted in connection with the shooting of doctors in Winnipeg , Vancouver and Rochester , New York . Kopp purports to be a devout Roman Catholic , and the majority of jobs he has held over the past 20 years have been related to the anti - abortion movement , the U.S. Justice Department said last year . He has been arrested more than a dozen times during abortion protests in seven states and Italy . The FBI says Kopp has used 29 aliases . He was the 456th person to be placed on the FBI 's most wanted list , which began in 1950 . Since then , 427 fugitives have been  taken into custody or located , 133 of them as a result of citizen assistance , the FBI  said . A total of $ 650,000 is being offered in the United States for information leading to Kopp 's arrest . 	answer: negative
event: the FBI arrested Mohamed at the city 's airport in the early hours of Thursday morning as he was about to be deported for being in the country illegally starts before The Cape Argus newspaper in Cape Town reported that a search has been launched for accomplices in the region story: NEW YORK ( AP ) -- A man whose house was allegedly a bomb factory was arrested in connection with last year 's deadly U.S. Embassy blasts in Kenya and Tanzania and was brought to the United States for trial . The suspect -- Khalfan Khamis Mohamed -- was scheduled to appear before a U.S. magistrate judge in Manhattan at midday , according to a statement today by U.S. Attorney Mary Jo White . White heads a team that is investigating and prosecuting the bombings which killed 224 people , including 12 Americans , on Aug. 7 , 1998 . Mohamed , 24 , allegedly rented a house in his native Tanzania which was used as a bomb factory . In Cape Town , South Africa , police spokesman Capt . Rod Beer said the FBI  arrested Mohamed at the city 's airport in the early hours of Thursday morning as he was about to be deported for being in the country illegally . The Cape Argus newspaper in Cape Town  reported that a search has been launched for accomplices in the region . The U.S. Embassy in Pretoria , South Africa , had no comment . Eight of them are in custody in the United States and one overseas . The rest remained fugitives , including Saudi radical Osama bin Laden . Bin Laden is accused of masterminding the attack , and is on the FBI 's 10 Most Wanted List . A $ 5 million reward has been offered for his capture . The bombs went off almost simultaneously . The victims in Nairobi , Kenya , numbered 213 , including 12 Americans . Eleven people , none of them Americans , died in the blast in Dar - es - Salaam , Tanzania . 	answer: positive
event: the FBI arrested Mohamed at the city 's airport in the early hours of Thursday morning as he was about to be deported for being in the country illegally starts after The Cape Argus newspaper in Cape Town reported that a search has been launched for accomplices in the region story: NEW YORK ( AP ) -- A man whose house was allegedly a bomb factory was arrested in connection with last year 's deadly U.S. Embassy blasts in Kenya and Tanzania and was brought to the United States for trial . The suspect -- Khalfan Khamis Mohamed -- was scheduled to appear before a U.S. magistrate judge in Manhattan at midday , according to a statement today by U.S. Attorney Mary Jo White . White heads a team that is investigating and prosecuting the bombings which killed 224 people , including 12 Americans , on Aug. 7 , 1998 . Mohamed , 24 , allegedly rented a house in his native Tanzania which was used as a bomb factory . In Cape Town , South Africa , police spokesman Capt . Rod Beer said the FBI  arrested Mohamed at the city 's airport in the early hours of Thursday morning as he was about to be deported for being in the country illegally . The Cape Argus newspaper in Cape Town  reported that a search has been launched for accomplices in the region . The U.S. Embassy in Pretoria , South Africa , had no comment . Eight of them are in custody in the United States and one overseas . The rest remained fugitives , including Saudi radical Osama bin Laden . Bin Laden is accused of masterminding the attack , and is on the FBI 's 10 Most Wanted List . A $ 5 million reward has been offered for his capture . The bombs went off almost simultaneously . The victims in Nairobi , Kenya , numbered 213 , including 12 Americans . Eleven people , none of them Americans , died in the blast in Dar - es - Salaam , Tanzania . 	answer: negative
event: Rod Beer said the FBI arrested Mohamed at the city 's airport in the early hours of Thursday morning as he was about to be deported for being in the country illegally starts after he deported for being in the country illegally story: NEW YORK ( AP ) -- A man whose house was allegedly a bomb factory was arrested in connection with last year 's deadly U.S. Embassy blasts in Kenya and Tanzania and was brought to the United States for trial . The suspect -- Khalfan Khamis Mohamed -- was scheduled to appear before a U.S. magistrate judge in Manhattan at midday , according to a statement today by U.S. Attorney Mary Jo White . The latest arrest brought to nine the number of people in custody in connection with the bombings . Mohamed , 24 , allegedly rented a house in his native Tanzania which was used as a bomb factory . In Cape Town , South Africa , police spokesman Capt . Rod Beer  said the FBI arrested Mohamed at the city 's airport in the early hours of Thursday morning as he was about to be  deported for being in the country illegally . The Cape Argus newspaper in Cape Town reported that a search has been launched for accomplices in the region . The U.S. Embassy in Pretoria , South Africa , had no comment . Seventeen people have been indicted in the case . Eight of them are in custody in the United States and one overseas . The rest remained fugitives , including Saudi radical Osama bin Laden . Bin Laden is accused of masterminding the attack , and is on the FBI 's 10 Most Wanted List . A $ 5 million reward has been offered for his capture . The bombs went off almost simultaneously . The victims in Nairobi , Kenya , numbered 213 , including 12 Americans . Eleven people , none of them Americans , died in the blast in Dar - es - Salaam , Tanzania . 	answer: positive
event: Rod Beer said the FBI arrested Mohamed at the city 's airport in the early hours of Thursday morning as he was about to be deported for being in the country illegally starts before he deported for being in the country illegally story: NEW YORK ( AP ) -- A man whose house was allegedly a bomb factory was arrested in connection with last year 's deadly U.S. Embassy blasts in Kenya and Tanzania and was brought to the United States for trial . The suspect -- Khalfan Khamis Mohamed -- was scheduled to appear before a U.S. magistrate judge in Manhattan at midday , according to a statement today by U.S. Attorney Mary Jo White . The latest arrest brought to nine the number of people in custody in connection with the bombings . Mohamed , 24 , allegedly rented a house in his native Tanzania which was used as a bomb factory . In Cape Town , South Africa , police spokesman Capt . Rod Beer  said the FBI arrested Mohamed at the city 's airport in the early hours of Thursday morning as he was about to be  deported for being in the country illegally . The Cape Argus newspaper in Cape Town reported that a search has been launched for accomplices in the region . The U.S. Embassy in Pretoria , South Africa , had no comment . Seventeen people have been indicted in the case . Eight of them are in custody in the United States and one overseas . The rest remained fugitives , including Saudi radical Osama bin Laden . Bin Laden is accused of masterminding the attack , and is on the FBI 's 10 Most Wanted List . A $ 5 million reward has been offered for his capture . The bombs went off almost simultaneously . The victims in Nairobi , Kenya , numbered 213 , including 12 Americans . Eleven people , none of them Americans , died in the blast in Dar - es - Salaam , Tanzania . 	answer: negative
event: His car spotted in Slepian 's neighborhood in the weeks before the shooting starts before His car found abandoned at the Newark , N.J. , airport in December story: Slepian 's killer is still at large . But for the first time , authorities have named a suspect in the slaying -- anti - abortion activist James Kopp . ` ` Today , I 'm here to tell you we have our suspect , ' ' said Bernard Tolbert , special agent - in - charge of the FBI 's Buffalo office . Kopp , 44 , of St. Albans , Vt . , became the subject of an international manhunt in November when he was called a witness in the case . He was charged Thursday in state and federal complaints with second - degree murder and with violating the Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act by using deadly force against an abortion doctor . Until Thursday , they had not called Kopp a suspect . Nicknamed the ` ` Atomic Dog ' ' in anti - abortion circles , Kopp had been arrested in several states since 1990 for protesting abortion . His car was  spotted in Slepian 's neighborhood in the weeks before the shooting , and was  found abandoned at the Newark , N.J. , airport in December . The filing of the charges has intensified interest in Kopp as a suspect in three non - fatal sniper attacks on Canadian abortion providers , and one near Rochester , N.Y. , between 1994 and 1997 . Kopp is now the second anti - abortion activist being sought by the FBI as a suspect in a fatal attack . Eric Rudolph has been on the run since the January 1998 bombing of a Birmingham , Ala. , abortion clinic that killed an off - duty police officer and maimed a nurse . 	answer: positive
event: His car spotted in Slepian 's neighborhood in the weeks before the shooting starts after His car found abandoned at the Newark , N.J. , airport in December story: Slepian 's killer is still at large . But for the first time , authorities have named a suspect in the slaying -- anti - abortion activist James Kopp . ` ` Today , I 'm here to tell you we have our suspect , ' ' said Bernard Tolbert , special agent - in - charge of the FBI 's Buffalo office . Kopp , 44 , of St. Albans , Vt . , became the subject of an international manhunt in November when he was called a witness in the case . He was charged Thursday in state and federal complaints with second - degree murder and with violating the Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act by using deadly force against an abortion doctor . Until Thursday , they had not called Kopp a suspect . Nicknamed the ` ` Atomic Dog ' ' in anti - abortion circles , Kopp had been arrested in several states since 1990 for protesting abortion . His car was  spotted in Slepian 's neighborhood in the weeks before the shooting , and was  found abandoned at the Newark , N.J. , airport in December . The filing of the charges has intensified interest in Kopp as a suspect in three non - fatal sniper attacks on Canadian abortion providers , and one near Rochester , N.Y. , between 1994 and 1997 . Kopp is now the second anti - abortion activist being sought by the FBI as a suspect in a fatal attack . Eric Rudolph has been on the run since the January 1998 bombing of a Birmingham , Ala. , abortion clinic that killed an off - duty police officer and maimed a nurse . 	answer: negative
event: Extending membership to these three democracies helps to stabilize a region that historically has been the staging ground for many of the disasters of this century Solana added referring to the two world wars starts after Solana referring to the two world wars story: WASHINGTON , March 12 At the Harry Truman Library in Independence , the three foreign ministers of Bronislaw Geremek of Poland , Janos Martonyi of Hungary and Jan Kavan of the Czech Republic signed formal documents of accession . Kavan said the Czech Republic would no longer become " the powerless victim of a foreign invasion . " Martonyi called Hunragy 's admission in NATO " returning to her natural habitat , " saying : " It has been our manifest destiny to rejoin those with whom we share the same values , interests and goals . " And Geremek said it was " a great day for Poland and for the world . " U.S. Secretary of State Madeleine Albright accepted admission papers from the three countries ' foreign ministers , marking their formal entry into the 50-year - old Western alliance . " Hallelujah , " exclaimed Albright , a daughter of Czechoslovakia , who as a child fled her native land and later became a U.S. citizen . Ahead of the ceremony , NATO Secretary - General Javier Solana said that the accession of the three countries ... "is perhaps the clearest demonstration of the fact that Europe is growing closer together . " " Extending membership to these three democracies helps to stabilize a region that historically has been the staging ground for many of the disasters of this century , " Solana  added ,  referring to the two world wars . The U.S. State Department has said the three new members " enhance NATO 's ability to fulfill its core mission of collective defense , respond to a range of security challenges and reduce the possibility of another major conflict in Europe of the kind that has claimed so many American lives . 	answer: positive
event: Extending membership to these three democracies helps to stabilize a region that historically has been the staging ground for many of the disasters of this century Solana added referring to the two world wars starts before Solana referring to the two world wars story: WASHINGTON , March 12 At the Harry Truman Library in Independence , the three foreign ministers of Bronislaw Geremek of Poland , Janos Martonyi of Hungary and Jan Kavan of the Czech Republic signed formal documents of accession . Kavan said the Czech Republic would no longer become " the powerless victim of a foreign invasion . " Martonyi called Hunragy 's admission in NATO " returning to her natural habitat , " saying : " It has been our manifest destiny to rejoin those with whom we share the same values , interests and goals . " And Geremek said it was " a great day for Poland and for the world . " U.S. Secretary of State Madeleine Albright accepted admission papers from the three countries ' foreign ministers , marking their formal entry into the 50-year - old Western alliance . " Hallelujah , " exclaimed Albright , a daughter of Czechoslovakia , who as a child fled her native land and later became a U.S. citizen . Ahead of the ceremony , NATO Secretary - General Javier Solana said that the accession of the three countries ... "is perhaps the clearest demonstration of the fact that Europe is growing closer together . " " Extending membership to these three democracies helps to stabilize a region that historically has been the staging ground for many of the disasters of this century , " Solana  added ,  referring to the two world wars . The U.S. State Department has said the three new members " enhance NATO 's ability to fulfill its core mission of collective defense , respond to a range of security challenges and reduce the possibility of another major conflict in Europe of the kind that has claimed so many American lives . 	answer: negative
event: Thermo Electron which agreed to purchase Milton Roy 's liquid - chromatography line for $ 22 million in February starts before Thermo Electron acquired some 6 % of Milton Roy 's common stock before throwing in the towel and reducing its stake in early September story: Crane Co. said it holds an 8.9 % stake in Milton Roy Corp. , an analytical - instruments maker , and may seek control of the company . Crane , a maker of engineered products for aerospace , construction , defense and other uses , made the disclosure in a Securities and Exchange Commission filing . In the filing , Crane said that in the past it considered seeking control of Milton Roy , of St. Petersburg , Fla. , through a merger or tender offer and that it expects to continue to evaluate an acquisition from time to time . Crane officials did n't return phone calls seeking comment . Crane holds 504,200 Milton Roy shares , including 254,200 bought from Sept. 14 to Thursday for $ 15.50 to $ 16.75 each . In New York Stock Exchange composite trading Friday , Milton Roy shares leaped $ 2 , to $ 18.375 each , while Crane sank $ 1.125 , to $ 21.125 a share . Milton Roy disclosed in May that it was approached for a possible acquisition by Thermo Electron , which  agreed to purchase Milton Roy 's liquid - chromatography line for $ 22 million in February . Thermo Electron  acquired some 6 % of Milton Roy 's common stock before throwing in the towel and reducing its stake in early September . Gabelli Group began raising its Milton Roy stake in July , and holds 14.6 % , according to a recent SEC filing . Colo. The companies are automotive - emissions - testing concerns . Under the terms , Milton Roy will pay an initial $ 4 million for the operations and additional payments during the next four years based on the earnings performance of the businesses . 	answer: positive
event: Thermo Electron which agreed to purchase Milton Roy 's liquid - chromatography line for $ 22 million in February starts after Thermo Electron acquired some 6 % of Milton Roy 's common stock before throwing in the towel and reducing its stake in early September story: Crane Co. said it holds an 8.9 % stake in Milton Roy Corp. , an analytical - instruments maker , and may seek control of the company . Crane , a maker of engineered products for aerospace , construction , defense and other uses , made the disclosure in a Securities and Exchange Commission filing . In the filing , Crane said that in the past it considered seeking control of Milton Roy , of St. Petersburg , Fla. , through a merger or tender offer and that it expects to continue to evaluate an acquisition from time to time . Crane officials did n't return phone calls seeking comment . Crane holds 504,200 Milton Roy shares , including 254,200 bought from Sept. 14 to Thursday for $ 15.50 to $ 16.75 each . In New York Stock Exchange composite trading Friday , Milton Roy shares leaped $ 2 , to $ 18.375 each , while Crane sank $ 1.125 , to $ 21.125 a share . Milton Roy disclosed in May that it was approached for a possible acquisition by Thermo Electron , which  agreed to purchase Milton Roy 's liquid - chromatography line for $ 22 million in February . Thermo Electron  acquired some 6 % of Milton Roy 's common stock before throwing in the towel and reducing its stake in early September . Gabelli Group began raising its Milton Roy stake in July , and holds 14.6 % , according to a recent SEC filing . Colo. The companies are automotive - emissions - testing concerns . Under the terms , Milton Roy will pay an initial $ 4 million for the operations and additional payments during the next four years based on the earnings performance of the businesses . 	answer: negative
event: when Asia 's financial problems first became clear starts before corporate profits remained healthy story: It was the third consecutive month that job generation has been exceptionally strong . Average hourly earnings of production and nonsupervisory employees rose 4 cents , to $ 12.51 . The gain left wages 3.8 percent higher than a year earlier , extending a trend that has given back to workers some of the earning power they lost to inflation in the last decade . But economists said the wage increase was not enough to raise any concerns about higher inflation . And because the Federal Reserve has made clear that it expects the economy to slow in coming months as ripple effects from Asia reach the United States , investors disregarded the large jobs gains , betting that neither a rise in interest rates nor resurgent inflation is looming . ` ` Job creation is sturdy and we have effective price stability , ' ' said Paul McCulley , an economist at UBS Securities . The job figures for January extended a surge in employment gains that began last fall , just when the labor market had showed signs of cooling . Long - term interest rates , an important indicator of economic stability , have fallen in the last few months . The likelihood that the federal budget will soon move from deficit into surplus has further improved the outlook . ` ` There are enormous economic and social benefits from our nation 's high - employment economy , ' ' said Janet Yellen , the chairwoman of the White House 's Council of Economic Advisers . The increase reflected the strength of the housing industry , which has been helped not just by declining interest rates but also by unusually warm weather . 	answer: positive
event: when Asia 's financial problems first became clear starts after corporate profits remained healthy story: It was the third consecutive month that job generation has been exceptionally strong . Average hourly earnings of production and nonsupervisory employees rose 4 cents , to $ 12.51 . The gain left wages 3.8 percent higher than a year earlier , extending a trend that has given back to workers some of the earning power they lost to inflation in the last decade . But economists said the wage increase was not enough to raise any concerns about higher inflation . And because the Federal Reserve has made clear that it expects the economy to slow in coming months as ripple effects from Asia reach the United States , investors disregarded the large jobs gains , betting that neither a rise in interest rates nor resurgent inflation is looming . ` ` Job creation is sturdy and we have effective price stability , ' ' said Paul McCulley , an economist at UBS Securities . The job figures for January extended a surge in employment gains that began last fall , just when the labor market had showed signs of cooling . Long - term interest rates , an important indicator of economic stability , have fallen in the last few months . The likelihood that the federal budget will soon move from deficit into surplus has further improved the outlook . ` ` There are enormous economic and social benefits from our nation 's high - employment economy , ' ' said Janet Yellen , the chairwoman of the White House 's Council of Economic Advisers . The increase reflected the strength of the housing industry , which has been helped not just by declining interest rates but also by unusually warm weather . 	answer: negative
event: One senior official Monday described the White House as " a collection of small groups of aides holding their breaths , " waiting to see whether Sununu survives starts after small groups of aides holding their breaths story: One of President Bush 's sons has informed White House Chief of Staff John Sununu that he has lost much of his support among Republicans , prompting an intense effort by Sununu to hold on to his job by demonstrating his GOP backing , White House and Republican sources said Monday . Sununu was told Wednesday by Bush 's son , George , that he had alienated members of the Cabinet , the White House staff and the Republican political community , creating a situation that puts his effectiveness in significant doubt , the sources said . The message to the chief of staff was meant to be taken as a suggestion that Sununu offer to resign , one highly placed source said . Instead , Sununu sought to prove to the president that his supporters outnumber his critics and that he should remain in his post . One GOP source , reporting on a call from the chief of staff to a Republican leader , said Sununu lamented that " the noose is tightening around my neck , and I need your help . " The source said the younger Bush " sketched out for Sununu " problems the president is encountering because of the chief of staff 's tenure . " He was told ... the handwriting was on the wall , " the source said Monday . That , the source said , was when Sununu started calling congressional Republicans and asking them to tell Bush that the conservative wing of the party , in particular , would object if he were fired . Officials said the president himself met with Sununu Sunday . A source said the outcome of that session was unclear . 	answer: positive
event: One senior official Monday described the White House as " a collection of small groups of aides holding their breaths , " waiting to see whether Sununu survives starts before small groups of aides holding their breaths story: One of President Bush 's sons has informed White House Chief of Staff John Sununu that he has lost much of his support among Republicans , prompting an intense effort by Sununu to hold on to his job by demonstrating his GOP backing , White House and Republican sources said Monday . Sununu was told Wednesday by Bush 's son , George , that he had alienated members of the Cabinet , the White House staff and the Republican political community , creating a situation that puts his effectiveness in significant doubt , the sources said . The message to the chief of staff was meant to be taken as a suggestion that Sununu offer to resign , one highly placed source said . Instead , Sununu sought to prove to the president that his supporters outnumber his critics and that he should remain in his post . One GOP source , reporting on a call from the chief of staff to a Republican leader , said Sununu lamented that " the noose is tightening around my neck , and I need your help . " The source said the younger Bush " sketched out for Sununu " problems the president is encountering because of the chief of staff 's tenure . " He was told ... the handwriting was on the wall , " the source said Monday . That , the source said , was when Sununu started calling congressional Republicans and asking them to tell Bush that the conservative wing of the party , in particular , would object if he were fired . Officials said the president himself met with Sununu Sunday . A source said the outcome of that session was unclear . 	answer: negative
event: Since 1985 _ when the Israelis created a security buffer zone southern Lebanon _ nearly 200 Israeli soldiers killed fighting Hezbollah and other guerrillas starts before Last week Hezbollah fighters seriously wounded six others story: JERUSALEM ( AP ) ` ` If the Lebanese government will cooperate with us in making appropriate security arrangements in south Lebanon , we will be happy to get out of Lebanon in the framework of implementation of U.N. Resolution 425 , ' ' ` ` We will defend our north from the international border , ' ' said Eitan , the science minister . ` ` No one wants to stay in Lebanon ; thus we think it better to withdraw . ' ` ` This is a new thing ... Lubrani told Israel 's Channel One . ` ` We have gotten off the issue of peace , off the issue of normalization . ' ' As the death toll in Lebanon has mounted , the Israeli government has been faced with a growing grassroots movement calling for Israel 's unilateral withdrawal from Lebanon . Since 1985 _ when the Israelis created a security buffer zone southern Lebanon _ nearly 200 Israeli soldiers have been  killed fighting Hezbollah and other guerrillas . The Israelis suffered a record 39 deaths in southern Lebanon last year . In addition , 73 soldiers were killed en route to Lebanon when two military helicopters crashed last February . The Maariv newspaper said Sunday that Netanyahu 's comments last week were in response to signals from Syria that it wants to renew the long - stalled peace talks between the two countries . Israel - Syrian talks have been cut off for nearly two years . Defense Minister Yitzhak Mordechai was the first senior Israeli official to refer to U.N. resolution 425 in a speech six weeks ago , saying at the time he was willing to withdraw troops in exchange for guarantees that Israel would not be attacked . 	answer: positive
event: Since 1985 _ when the Israelis created a security buffer zone southern Lebanon _ nearly 200 Israeli soldiers killed fighting Hezbollah and other guerrillas starts after Last week Hezbollah fighters seriously wounded six others story: JERUSALEM ( AP ) ` ` If the Lebanese government will cooperate with us in making appropriate security arrangements in south Lebanon , we will be happy to get out of Lebanon in the framework of implementation of U.N. Resolution 425 , ' ' ` ` We will defend our north from the international border , ' ' said Eitan , the science minister . ` ` No one wants to stay in Lebanon ; thus we think it better to withdraw . ' ` ` This is a new thing ... Lubrani told Israel 's Channel One . ` ` We have gotten off the issue of peace , off the issue of normalization . ' ' As the death toll in Lebanon has mounted , the Israeli government has been faced with a growing grassroots movement calling for Israel 's unilateral withdrawal from Lebanon . Since 1985 _ when the Israelis created a security buffer zone southern Lebanon _ nearly 200 Israeli soldiers have been  killed fighting Hezbollah and other guerrillas . The Israelis suffered a record 39 deaths in southern Lebanon last year . In addition , 73 soldiers were killed en route to Lebanon when two military helicopters crashed last February . The Maariv newspaper said Sunday that Netanyahu 's comments last week were in response to signals from Syria that it wants to renew the long - stalled peace talks between the two countries . Israel - Syrian talks have been cut off for nearly two years . Defense Minister Yitzhak Mordechai was the first senior Israeli official to refer to U.N. resolution 425 in a speech six weeks ago , saying at the time he was willing to withdraw troops in exchange for guarantees that Israel would not be attacked . 	answer: negative
event: guard the Saudi kingdom from any new thrust by Iraq starts before In a letter to President Hashemi Rafsanjani of Iran , read by a broadcaster over Baghdad radio Saddam said he will begin withdrawing troops from Iranian territory on Friday and release Iranian prisoners of war story: Iran said an Iraqi diplomatic delegation was en route to Tehran to deliver Saddam 's message , which it said it would review ` ` with optimism . ' ' Bush can call up to 200,000 reservists for up to 180 days without seeking congressional approval . ABC quoted an Iraqi Foreign Ministry official in Baghdad as saying Americans in Iraq are ` ` restrictees ' ' who will stay there until the crisis ends . Iraq has agreed to allow all 880 Soviets in Kuwait to leave , but only by a 1,200-mile road route through Iraq and to the Iraq - Jordan border . The British Foreign Office said today conditions in Kuwait appear to be deteriorating . There have been reports of wholesale looting but food and gasoline were still available , said a spokesman , who by custom was not identified . Egyptian and Moroccan troops are already there . In an interview from Jordan on ABC , he declined to discuss details , but said : ` ` I do n't think that his majesty would be traveling at this crucial moment if the Iraqi leadership did not have a rational approach to the future . ' _ at least until economic sanctions force Saddam to withdraw his army . Bush told a news conference on Tuesday that the naval barricade now in force might be extended to Jordan 's Aqaba ` ` if it is a hole through which commerce flows ' ' in and out of Iraq . Iraq boasts an army of 1 million members . It accused Kuwait of deliberately slashing Iraqi oil revenues by overproducing oil and driving down prices , among other charges . 	answer: positive
event: guard the Saudi kingdom from any new thrust by Iraq starts after In a letter to President Hashemi Rafsanjani of Iran , read by a broadcaster over Baghdad radio Saddam said he will begin withdrawing troops from Iranian territory on Friday and release Iranian prisoners of war story: Iran said an Iraqi diplomatic delegation was en route to Tehran to deliver Saddam 's message , which it said it would review ` ` with optimism . ' ' Bush can call up to 200,000 reservists for up to 180 days without seeking congressional approval . ABC quoted an Iraqi Foreign Ministry official in Baghdad as saying Americans in Iraq are ` ` restrictees ' ' who will stay there until the crisis ends . Iraq has agreed to allow all 880 Soviets in Kuwait to leave , but only by a 1,200-mile road route through Iraq and to the Iraq - Jordan border . The British Foreign Office said today conditions in Kuwait appear to be deteriorating . There have been reports of wholesale looting but food and gasoline were still available , said a spokesman , who by custom was not identified . Egyptian and Moroccan troops are already there . In an interview from Jordan on ABC , he declined to discuss details , but said : ` ` I do n't think that his majesty would be traveling at this crucial moment if the Iraqi leadership did not have a rational approach to the future . ' _ at least until economic sanctions force Saddam to withdraw his army . Bush told a news conference on Tuesday that the naval barricade now in force might be extended to Jordan 's Aqaba ` ` if it is a hole through which commerce flows ' ' in and out of Iraq . Iraq boasts an army of 1 million members . It accused Kuwait of deliberately slashing Iraqi oil revenues by overproducing oil and driving down prices , among other charges . 	answer: negative
event: the foreign ministers of the three countries sign the documents of accession to the alliance starts after a six year trans - Atlantic diplomatic process led by the Clinton administration story: But the policy also faced critics , who argued that welcoming these three new countries would draw a new line across Europe and antagonize the Russians . In Kosovo , where the Yugoslav leader , Slobodan Milosevic , is resisting the deployment of NATO - led troops , including 4,000 U.S. soldiers , Albright insisted that NATO was the best tool to enforce a peace settlement . ` ` Poland forever returns where she has always belonged _ the free world , ' ' said Bronislaw Geremek , the foreign minister of Poland , who was a dissident during the Communist era . Geremek said he had brought some appropriate mementoes from Poland to the Truman library , including a campaign poster from 1989 when the anti - communist Solidarity forces won against the Communists . The poster showed a picture of Gary Cooper from the film ` ` High Noon . ' ' ` ` It helped us to win , ' ' The secretary made the fairly unorthodox decision to choose a site outside Washington because she wanted the ceremony to resonate with the memories of President Truman , under whom NATO was founded . The U.S. ambassador to Poland , Dan Fried , who was then on the National Security Council , said Friday that he remembered being asked to help ` ` turn this pious wish into a policy . ' ' In July 1997 , at a summit in Madrid , Spain , the alliance announced it would accept Poland , Hungary and the Czech Republic . One problem was how to deal with the Russians , who vacillated between outright hostility and accepting what looked like the inevitable . 	answer: positive
event: the foreign ministers of the three countries sign the documents of accession to the alliance starts before a six year trans - Atlantic diplomatic process led by the Clinton administration story: But the policy also faced critics , who argued that welcoming these three new countries would draw a new line across Europe and antagonize the Russians . In Kosovo , where the Yugoslav leader , Slobodan Milosevic , is resisting the deployment of NATO - led troops , including 4,000 U.S. soldiers , Albright insisted that NATO was the best tool to enforce a peace settlement . ` ` Poland forever returns where she has always belonged _ the free world , ' ' said Bronislaw Geremek , the foreign minister of Poland , who was a dissident during the Communist era . Geremek said he had brought some appropriate mementoes from Poland to the Truman library , including a campaign poster from 1989 when the anti - communist Solidarity forces won against the Communists . The poster showed a picture of Gary Cooper from the film ` ` High Noon . ' ' ` ` It helped us to win , ' ' The secretary made the fairly unorthodox decision to choose a site outside Washington because she wanted the ceremony to resonate with the memories of President Truman , under whom NATO was founded . The U.S. ambassador to Poland , Dan Fried , who was then on the National Security Council , said Friday that he remembered being asked to help ` ` turn this pious wish into a policy . ' ' In July 1997 , at a summit in Madrid , Spain , the alliance announced it would accept Poland , Hungary and the Czech Republic . One problem was how to deal with the Russians , who vacillated between outright hostility and accepting what looked like the inevitable . 	answer: negative
event: Reuters Holdings PLC said Michael Reupke resigned as general manager to pursue unspecified interests , a move the news organization termed an " amicable separation starts after Michael Reupke resigned as general manager to pursue unspecified interests a move the news organization termed an " amicable separation story: " His appointment to that post , which has senior administrative , staff and policy responsibilities , followed a several - year tenure as Reuters 's editor in chief . No successor was named , and Mr. Reupke 's duties will be split among three other senior Reuters executives , the company said . In a telephone interview , Mr. Reupke said his departure was for " personal reasons , " which he declined to specify . " There is no business reason for my departure , " nor any disagreement over policy , he added . Mr. Reupke was one of three executives on Reuters 's eight - person executive committee who did n't also serve on the company 's board of directors . If I were choosing the people of tomorrow , I would have chosen the people who are now on the board , " he said . " Mark Shepperd , an analyst at UBS Phillips amp Drew in London , said , " I suspect ( the departure ) will be fairly irrelevant for the company . I would be very surprised if his departure signals any change in strategy or change in profit expectations . " In the U.S. over - the - counter market , American depositary shares for Reuters , each representing three shares in the London market , closed unchanged at $ 43.875 . The senior of the three executives who will assume Mr. Reupke 's duties is Nigel Judah , 58 , finance director and a Reuters board director . Peter Holland , 45 , deputy general manager , becomes director of corporate affairs . And Patrick Mannix , 46 , international technical manager , becomes director of group quality programs . 	answer: positive
event: Reuters Holdings PLC said Michael Reupke resigned as general manager to pursue unspecified interests , a move the news organization termed an " amicable separation starts before Michael Reupke resigned as general manager to pursue unspecified interests a move the news organization termed an " amicable separation story: " His appointment to that post , which has senior administrative , staff and policy responsibilities , followed a several - year tenure as Reuters 's editor in chief . No successor was named , and Mr. Reupke 's duties will be split among three other senior Reuters executives , the company said . In a telephone interview , Mr. Reupke said his departure was for " personal reasons , " which he declined to specify . " There is no business reason for my departure , " nor any disagreement over policy , he added . Mr. Reupke was one of three executives on Reuters 's eight - person executive committee who did n't also serve on the company 's board of directors . If I were choosing the people of tomorrow , I would have chosen the people who are now on the board , " he said . " Mark Shepperd , an analyst at UBS Phillips amp Drew in London , said , " I suspect ( the departure ) will be fairly irrelevant for the company . I would be very surprised if his departure signals any change in strategy or change in profit expectations . " In the U.S. over - the - counter market , American depositary shares for Reuters , each representing three shares in the London market , closed unchanged at $ 43.875 . The senior of the three executives who will assume Mr. Reupke 's duties is Nigel Judah , 58 , finance director and a Reuters board director . Peter Holland , 45 , deputy general manager , becomes director of corporate affairs . And Patrick Mannix , 46 , international technical manager , becomes director of group quality programs . 	answer: negative
event: His mother trying to smuggle Elian out of Cuba starts before takes no joy in lifting an obstacle to Elian 's return to Cuba story: The Miami relatives could also request a rehearing before the same three - judge panel that issued Thursday 's ruling , or before the entire 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeal . But Thursday 's decision made it clear the family has only 14 days to decide whether to request a rehearing at that level . & amp;UR ; & amp;LR ; ` ` Expect no extensions , ' ' the court instructed . Making Juan Miguel Gonzalez his son 's legal representative would have allowed him to simply drop the asylum request and head for home . Elian 's father asked his Miami relatives to end their court battle after Thursday 's ruling and allow him to finally return home with his son . ` ` A child should simply be with his parents , always his parents , ' ' the elder Gonzalez said through an interpreter . A district court judge upheld the federal agency . The Miami relatives appealed that decision , and obtained an injunction requiring Elian to remain in the United States until the asylum question worked its way through the courts . Juan Miguel Gonzalez arrived in the United States April 2 , and Reno ordered the Miami relatives to surrender the child to his father . ` ` This day , in the history of their relations with the United States , will be remembered in the Cuban community in the same way the Bay of Pigs is remembered . ' ' Cuban exiles failed to overthrow Castro in 1961 when the communist leader repelled their invasion at the Bay of Pigs . 	answer: positive
event: His mother trying to smuggle Elian out of Cuba starts after takes no joy in lifting an obstacle to Elian 's return to Cuba story: The Miami relatives could also request a rehearing before the same three - judge panel that issued Thursday 's ruling , or before the entire 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeal . But Thursday 's decision made it clear the family has only 14 days to decide whether to request a rehearing at that level . & amp;UR ; & amp;LR ; ` ` Expect no extensions , ' ' the court instructed . Making Juan Miguel Gonzalez his son 's legal representative would have allowed him to simply drop the asylum request and head for home . Elian 's father asked his Miami relatives to end their court battle after Thursday 's ruling and allow him to finally return home with his son . ` ` A child should simply be with his parents , always his parents , ' ' the elder Gonzalez said through an interpreter . A district court judge upheld the federal agency . The Miami relatives appealed that decision , and obtained an injunction requiring Elian to remain in the United States until the asylum question worked its way through the courts . Juan Miguel Gonzalez arrived in the United States April 2 , and Reno ordered the Miami relatives to surrender the child to his father . ` ` This day , in the history of their relations with the United States , will be remembered in the Cuban community in the same way the Bay of Pigs is remembered . ' ' Cuban exiles failed to overthrow Castro in 1961 when the communist leader repelled their invasion at the Bay of Pigs . 	answer: negative
event: the company 's $ 728 million recapitalization that took place in 1988 starts before The company made payments of $ 175 million against the original $ 585 million of bank debt incurred in connection with the recapitalization story: Shoney 's Inc. said it will report a write - off of $ 2.5 million , or seven cents a share , for its fourth quarter ended yesterday . The restaurant operator cited transaction costs from its 1988 recapitalization as a result of a $ 160 million restructuring of its bank debt . The write - off will be reported as an extraordinary item in the company 's 1989 operating results . In addition , the effective interest rate on the $ 410 million of total remaining bank debt after the restructuring is 10.66 % . The combined effect of these changes is expected to save the company about $ 4 million in interest expenses next year , or six cents a share . Shoney 's said the latest restructuring affected bank indebtedness that was incurred to finance $ 585 million of the company 's $ 728 million recapitalization that  took place in 1988 . The company has  made payments of $ 175 million against the original $ 585 million of bank debt incurred in connection with the recapitalization . These payments consisted of $ 54 million in scheduled payments and $ 121 million in prepayments , funded by $ 82.8 million from operating cash flow , zero - coupon subordinated debt and assets sales . 	answer: positive
event: the company 's $ 728 million recapitalization that took place in 1988 starts after The company made payments of $ 175 million against the original $ 585 million of bank debt incurred in connection with the recapitalization story: Shoney 's Inc. said it will report a write - off of $ 2.5 million , or seven cents a share , for its fourth quarter ended yesterday . The restaurant operator cited transaction costs from its 1988 recapitalization as a result of a $ 160 million restructuring of its bank debt . The write - off will be reported as an extraordinary item in the company 's 1989 operating results . In addition , the effective interest rate on the $ 410 million of total remaining bank debt after the restructuring is 10.66 % . The combined effect of these changes is expected to save the company about $ 4 million in interest expenses next year , or six cents a share . Shoney 's said the latest restructuring affected bank indebtedness that was incurred to finance $ 585 million of the company 's $ 728 million recapitalization that  took place in 1988 . The company has  made payments of $ 175 million against the original $ 585 million of bank debt incurred in connection with the recapitalization . These payments consisted of $ 54 million in scheduled payments and $ 121 million in prepayments , funded by $ 82.8 million from operating cash flow , zero - coupon subordinated debt and assets sales . 	answer: negative
event: The western military alliance invited the three central and eastern European countries to join the 16-nation bloc in July 1997 at the Madrid summit starts before The three countries finished all necessary formalities for accession after the Hungarian parliament ratified the accession treaty on Tuesday story: BRUSSELS , February 10 ( Xinhua ) -- The North Atlantic Treaty Organization ( NATO ) has decided to admit Poland , Hungary and the Czech Republic in early March , an official from the organization said on Wednesday . The official said that the accession was planned for early March , but no exact date was fixed yet . He added that a ceremonial accession would still be held at the NATO Washington summit on April 24 and 25 . The March accession will enable the three countries to be eligible for signing the summit documents that will include the alliance 's new strategic concept and post - Madrid development plan , the official added . The western military alliance  invited the three central and eastern European countries to join the 16-nation bloc in July 1997 at the Madrid summit . The three countries have  finished all necessary formalities for accession after the Hungarian parliament ratified the accession treaty on Tuesday . Also applying for NATO membership are Romania , Slovenia , Latvia , Estonia , Lithuania and Bulgaria . 	answer: positive
event: The western military alliance invited the three central and eastern European countries to join the 16-nation bloc in July 1997 at the Madrid summit starts after The three countries finished all necessary formalities for accession after the Hungarian parliament ratified the accession treaty on Tuesday story: BRUSSELS , February 10 ( Xinhua ) -- The North Atlantic Treaty Organization ( NATO ) has decided to admit Poland , Hungary and the Czech Republic in early March , an official from the organization said on Wednesday . The official said that the accession was planned for early March , but no exact date was fixed yet . He added that a ceremonial accession would still be held at the NATO Washington summit on April 24 and 25 . The March accession will enable the three countries to be eligible for signing the summit documents that will include the alliance 's new strategic concept and post - Madrid development plan , the official added . The western military alliance  invited the three central and eastern European countries to join the 16-nation bloc in July 1997 at the Madrid summit . The three countries have  finished all necessary formalities for accession after the Hungarian parliament ratified the accession treaty on Tuesday . Also applying for NATO membership are Romania , Slovenia , Latvia , Estonia , Lithuania and Bulgaria . 	answer: negative
event: ` People have been calling , and we 've been reassuring them that we do n't see further problems said Mary Mkimbo , a spokeswoman in New York for the Kenya Tourist Office starts after just the bombings that urged Americans to stay away from the two countries story: ` ` People have been calling , and we 've been reassuring them that we do n't see further problems , ' '  said Mary Mkimbo , a spokeswoman in New York for the Kenya Tourist Office . Embassy employees in both cities have gone back to work , although in new locations . The bombed - out Embassy in Nairobi is expected to be demolished after the FBI has finished gathering evidence . Crew - cut FBI agents fill many of the luxury hotels in the two cities . The government has responded to the slump with a series of actions to lure tourists back , including a marked improvement in the service of Kenya Airways , the national airline , which has gone into partnership with KLM Royal Dutch Airlines . ` ` Tanzania has just been underdeveloped for years , and they 're beginning to develop it now , ' ' said Jalal Ebrahim , president of Safaricentre International , a tour operator in Manhattan Beach , Calif. ` ` There were fewer people in the parks in Tanzania , and that 's what attracted visitors . It was more pristine . ' ' ` ` We had one cancellation from a couple who decided they were just going to wait and see what happened , ' ' he said . ` ` Our clients are adventure travelers and most of them are very savvy . The U.S. Embassy in Nairobi is now operating out of the offices of the Agency for International Development on The Crescent , in the neighborhood of Nairobi known as the Parklands ; 	answer: positive
event: ` People have been calling , and we 've been reassuring them that we do n't see further problems said Mary Mkimbo , a spokeswoman in New York for the Kenya Tourist Office starts before just the bombings that urged Americans to stay away from the two countries story: ` ` People have been calling , and we 've been reassuring them that we do n't see further problems , ' '  said Mary Mkimbo , a spokeswoman in New York for the Kenya Tourist Office . Embassy employees in both cities have gone back to work , although in new locations . The bombed - out Embassy in Nairobi is expected to be demolished after the FBI has finished gathering evidence . Crew - cut FBI agents fill many of the luxury hotels in the two cities . The government has responded to the slump with a series of actions to lure tourists back , including a marked improvement in the service of Kenya Airways , the national airline , which has gone into partnership with KLM Royal Dutch Airlines . ` ` Tanzania has just been underdeveloped for years , and they 're beginning to develop it now , ' ' said Jalal Ebrahim , president of Safaricentre International , a tour operator in Manhattan Beach , Calif. ` ` There were fewer people in the parks in Tanzania , and that 's what attracted visitors . It was more pristine . ' ' ` ` We had one cancellation from a couple who decided they were just going to wait and see what happened , ' ' he said . ` ` Our clients are adventure travelers and most of them are very savvy . The U.S. Embassy in Nairobi is now operating out of the offices of the Agency for International Development on The Crescent , in the neighborhood of Nairobi known as the Parklands ; 	answer: negative
event: Organizers state the two days of music , dancing , and speeches starts after a protest rally called by the political opposition story: Nigerian security forces clashed in Lagos with anti - government demonstrators who were protesting calls for military leader Sani Abacha to run for president . Meanwhile , as VOA West Africa Correspondent Purnell Murdock reports , General Abacha 's supporters began a two day rally in the capital , Abuja , to urge him to compete in this year 's election . Nigeria state radio says thousands of people began gathering in the capital Abuja early Tuesday for the two day rally supporting General Sani Abacha 's candidacy . Organizers  state the two days of music , dancing , and speeches is expected to draw some two million people . But as supporters of the military leader gathered in the north , riot police deployed in Nigeria 's southern commercial capital Lagos , to break up a protest rally  called by the political opposition . Although General Abacha had not publicly announced his candidacy , many people believe an Abacha presidency is a foregone conclusion . Some analysts say the outcome of a face off between the police and anti Abacha political groups will be a test of the opposition 's resolve . Purnell Murdock , VOA News . 	answer: positive
event: Organizers state the two days of music , dancing , and speeches starts before a protest rally called by the political opposition story: Nigerian security forces clashed in Lagos with anti - government demonstrators who were protesting calls for military leader Sani Abacha to run for president . Meanwhile , as VOA West Africa Correspondent Purnell Murdock reports , General Abacha 's supporters began a two day rally in the capital , Abuja , to urge him to compete in this year 's election . Nigeria state radio says thousands of people began gathering in the capital Abuja early Tuesday for the two day rally supporting General Sani Abacha 's candidacy . Organizers  state the two days of music , dancing , and speeches is expected to draw some two million people . But as supporters of the military leader gathered in the north , riot police deployed in Nigeria 's southern commercial capital Lagos , to break up a protest rally  called by the political opposition . Although General Abacha had not publicly announced his candidacy , many people believe an Abacha presidency is a foregone conclusion . Some analysts say the outcome of a face off between the police and anti Abacha political groups will be a test of the opposition 's resolve . Purnell Murdock , VOA News . 	answer: negative
event: a decision upheld by U.S. Attorney General Janet Reno starts before The Miami relatives filed a federal lawsuit to overturn the decision story: But Miami 's volatile Cuban exiles continued to vow they would block any attempt to take Elian from the Little Havana home where he has been living with his Miami relatives , with some predicting bloodshed if federal agents come for the boy . Late in the day , lawyers for Elian 's Miami family emerged from their third day - long meeting with federal officials , but said little . The rush of events caps a four - month ordeal that has seen Elian catapulted into the center an international tug - of - war . He was found floating in an inner - tube off the Florida coast on Thanksgiving Day after a boat carrying him from Cuba sank . Federal officials placed him with his Miami relatives , but kept custody over him . In January , Immigration and Naturalization Service Commissioner Doris Meissner ruled that Elian should go back to Cuba , a decision  upheld by U.S. Attorney General Janet Reno . The Miami relatives  filed a federal lawsuit to overturn the decision , but in March a Miami federal judge ruled against them . Legal experts and federal officials maintain that Reno can allow the boy to be sent back to Cuba before the appeal is heard . Over the weekend , lawyers for the family raised accusations that Juan Miguel Gonzalez had mistreated his son in telephone conversations , saying he had told the boy that his mother was alive and waiting for him in Cuba . But by Monday , federal officials hardened their negotiating stance , insisting the boy would be turned over to his father once the Cuban group arrives in the United States . 	answer: positive
event: a decision upheld by U.S. Attorney General Janet Reno starts after The Miami relatives filed a federal lawsuit to overturn the decision story: But Miami 's volatile Cuban exiles continued to vow they would block any attempt to take Elian from the Little Havana home where he has been living with his Miami relatives , with some predicting bloodshed if federal agents come for the boy . Late in the day , lawyers for Elian 's Miami family emerged from their third day - long meeting with federal officials , but said little . The rush of events caps a four - month ordeal that has seen Elian catapulted into the center an international tug - of - war . He was found floating in an inner - tube off the Florida coast on Thanksgiving Day after a boat carrying him from Cuba sank . Federal officials placed him with his Miami relatives , but kept custody over him . In January , Immigration and Naturalization Service Commissioner Doris Meissner ruled that Elian should go back to Cuba , a decision  upheld by U.S. Attorney General Janet Reno . The Miami relatives  filed a federal lawsuit to overturn the decision , but in March a Miami federal judge ruled against them . Legal experts and federal officials maintain that Reno can allow the boy to be sent back to Cuba before the appeal is heard . Over the weekend , lawyers for the family raised accusations that Juan Miguel Gonzalez had mistreated his son in telephone conversations , saying he had told the boy that his mother was alive and waiting for him in Cuba . But by Monday , federal officials hardened their negotiating stance , insisting the boy would be turned over to his father once the Cuban group arrives in the United States . 	answer: negative
event: Clinton sought to distance himself from the controversy from the start starts before Clinton told reporters in the Rose Garden Wednesday story: ' ` ` Today is a sad day for the US Constitution and for the hopes and dreams of Elian 's mother Elizabeth , ' ' who died with nine other adults when their boat sank as they attempted to reach Florida , said Roger Bernstein , representing the Miami Gonzalez family . Meissner said the INS decision was made after two lengthy interviews with the boy 's father , Juan Miguel Gonzalez , a hotel worker in Cardenas , Cuba , who Meissner said is anxious to have Elian returned to him . Gonzalez _ perhaps under duress from the Castro regime _ has indicated he does not want to travel to Miami , and there is ` ` no way ' ' the Miami Gonzalezes will assist in sending Elian back to Cuba , Perez said . ` ` I told you when we started this I would do my best to keep the decision out of politics , ' ' ` ` We have done that . ' ' But if Elian is forced to go back to Cuba , ` ` the Clinton - Gore administration , specifically ( Vice President ) Al Gore , will pay a high price in terms of votes in Florida , ' ' Perez said . ` ` It 's high time ' ' the boy was sent back to his birthplace , said Wayne Smith , a former Clinton administration adviser on Cuba . ` ` But that 's his home . ' 	answer: positive
event: Clinton sought to distance himself from the controversy from the start starts after Clinton told reporters in the Rose Garden Wednesday story: ' ` ` Today is a sad day for the US Constitution and for the hopes and dreams of Elian 's mother Elizabeth , ' ' who died with nine other adults when their boat sank as they attempted to reach Florida , said Roger Bernstein , representing the Miami Gonzalez family . Meissner said the INS decision was made after two lengthy interviews with the boy 's father , Juan Miguel Gonzalez , a hotel worker in Cardenas , Cuba , who Meissner said is anxious to have Elian returned to him . Gonzalez _ perhaps under duress from the Castro regime _ has indicated he does not want to travel to Miami , and there is ` ` no way ' ' the Miami Gonzalezes will assist in sending Elian back to Cuba , Perez said . ` ` I told you when we started this I would do my best to keep the decision out of politics , ' ' ` ` We have done that . ' ' But if Elian is forced to go back to Cuba , ` ` the Clinton - Gore administration , specifically ( Vice President ) Al Gore , will pay a high price in terms of votes in Florida , ' ' Perez said . ` ` It 's high time ' ' the boy was sent back to his birthplace , said Wayne Smith , a former Clinton administration adviser on Cuba . ` ` But that 's his home . ' 	answer: negative
event: the amounts borrowed through proceeds of the liquidation starts before Dataproducts officials said they had not yet seen a suit filed in federal court by DPC Acquisition that seeks to nullify a standstill agreement between DPC Acquisition and Dataproducts story: A unit of DPC Acquisition Partners launched a $ 10-a - share tender offer for the shares outstanding of Dataproducts Corp. , and said it would seek to liquidate the computer - printer maker " as soon as possible , " even if a merger is n't consummated . DPC Acquisition is controlled by Crescott Investment Associates , Wilson Investment Group , Kernel Corp. and Catalyst Partners . The investor group owns 1,534,600 Dataproducts common shares , or a 7.6 % stake . The offer is based on several conditions , including obtaining financing . DPC Acquisition said it had received the reasonable assurance of Chase Manhattan Bank N.A. that the financing can be obtained . In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , DPC Acquisition said it expects it will need about $ 215 million to buy the shares and pay related fees and expenses . DPC Acquisition added that it has not begun discussions with financing sources , and said it expected to repay the amounts  borrowed through proceeds of the liquidation . Dataproducts officials declined to comment , and  said they had not yet seen a suit filed in federal court by DPC Acquisition that seeks to nullify a standstill agreement between DPC Acquisition and Dataproducts . Earlier this year , DPC Acquisition made a $ 15-a - share offer for Dataproducts , which the Dataproducts board said it rejected because the $ 283.7 million offer was not fully financed . Dataproducts has since started a restructuring , and has said it is not for sale . 	answer: positive
event: the amounts borrowed through proceeds of the liquidation starts after Dataproducts officials said they had not yet seen a suit filed in federal court by DPC Acquisition that seeks to nullify a standstill agreement between DPC Acquisition and Dataproducts story: A unit of DPC Acquisition Partners launched a $ 10-a - share tender offer for the shares outstanding of Dataproducts Corp. , and said it would seek to liquidate the computer - printer maker " as soon as possible , " even if a merger is n't consummated . DPC Acquisition is controlled by Crescott Investment Associates , Wilson Investment Group , Kernel Corp. and Catalyst Partners . The investor group owns 1,534,600 Dataproducts common shares , or a 7.6 % stake . The offer is based on several conditions , including obtaining financing . DPC Acquisition said it had received the reasonable assurance of Chase Manhattan Bank N.A. that the financing can be obtained . In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , DPC Acquisition said it expects it will need about $ 215 million to buy the shares and pay related fees and expenses . DPC Acquisition added that it has not begun discussions with financing sources , and said it expected to repay the amounts  borrowed through proceeds of the liquidation . Dataproducts officials declined to comment , and  said they had not yet seen a suit filed in federal court by DPC Acquisition that seeks to nullify a standstill agreement between DPC Acquisition and Dataproducts . Earlier this year , DPC Acquisition made a $ 15-a - share offer for Dataproducts , which the Dataproducts board said it rejected because the $ 283.7 million offer was not fully financed . Dataproducts has since started a restructuring , and has said it is not for sale . 	answer: negative
event: Slepian was among those who took a stand against restricting reproductive freedom and paid with his life starts before those who paid with his life story: The New York Times said in an editorial on Monday , Oct. 26 : The murder of Dr. Barnett Slepian is the latest depraved assault on the small number of courageous physicians who still risk their safety to perform legal abortions in this country . Slepian was one of only three doctors who performed abortions in the Buffalo , N.Y. , area , and harassment and threats against him by anti - abortion groups had become routine over the past decade . But a principled commitment to provide a constitutionally protected service could not stop the assassin 's bullet that tore through his kitchen window and into his back Friday night . Last week the FBI joined Canadian authorities to investigate a series of unsolved sniper shootings of doctors in Canada and western New York dating to 1994 . Arson and bombings at clinics have become so common that many no longer make the national news . But those restrictions are at least imposed by the normal give and take of political and judicial struggle in a democracy . What is outrageous is the attempt to shut down abortions by illegal means _ by shooting the doctors or bombing the clinics or harassing the women seeking to exercise their constitutional right . Slepian  was among those who took a stand against restricting reproductive freedom and  paid with his life . Unless these brave doctors are better protected , fewer doctors in the next generation will be willing to place themselves and their families in such danger . 	answer: positive
event: Slepian was among those who took a stand against restricting reproductive freedom and paid with his life starts after those who paid with his life story: The New York Times said in an editorial on Monday , Oct. 26 : The murder of Dr. Barnett Slepian is the latest depraved assault on the small number of courageous physicians who still risk their safety to perform legal abortions in this country . Slepian was one of only three doctors who performed abortions in the Buffalo , N.Y. , area , and harassment and threats against him by anti - abortion groups had become routine over the past decade . But a principled commitment to provide a constitutionally protected service could not stop the assassin 's bullet that tore through his kitchen window and into his back Friday night . Last week the FBI joined Canadian authorities to investigate a series of unsolved sniper shootings of doctors in Canada and western New York dating to 1994 . Arson and bombings at clinics have become so common that many no longer make the national news . But those restrictions are at least imposed by the normal give and take of political and judicial struggle in a democracy . What is outrageous is the attempt to shut down abortions by illegal means _ by shooting the doctors or bombing the clinics or harassing the women seeking to exercise their constitutional right . Slepian  was among those who took a stand against restricting reproductive freedom and  paid with his life . Unless these brave doctors are better protected , fewer doctors in the next generation will be willing to place themselves and their families in such danger . 	answer: negative
event: In Sunday 's debate against Vacco Spitzer attacked him for failing to enforce a court order in 1992 against anti - abortion protesters who had blocked the entrance to a clinic starts after him failing to enforce a court order in 1992 against anti - abortion protesters who had blocked the entrance to a clinic story: In the race for attorney general , the Democratic candidate , Eliot Spitzer , who favors abortion rights , has moved quickly to make the anti - abortion position of his opponent , Attorney General Dennis Vacco , a central issue in the campaign . Slepian was shot in the back on Friday night as he stood in his kitchen . In a New York Times / CBS News poll completed on Saturday , 69 percent of those polled said they did not know D'Amato 's position on abortion , and only 19 percent knew that he opposed abortion rights . Slepian 's death was among the first topics raised in Saturday night 's debate between the two men , and it was instantly followed by a question to D'Amato on whether he opposed first - trimester abortions for adult women . The measure made it a Federal crime to attack or blockade an abortion clinic . But , Eichenbaum said : ` ` Sometimes an incident like this will do more to energize those who are pro - choice who otherwise might not consider that as an important an issue to go to the polls over . It brings it home . ' ' ' In Sunday 's debate against Vacco , Spitzer  attacked him for  failing to enforce a court order in 1992 against anti - abortion protesters who had blocked the entrance to a clinic . A federal judge removed Vacco , then the U.S. attorney for western New York , from the case . ` ` Trying to score political points from a homicide can have a backlash , ' ' said Maureen Connelly , a media consultant not working for any candidate in next week 's election . 	answer: positive
event: In Sunday 's debate against Vacco Spitzer attacked him for failing to enforce a court order in 1992 against anti - abortion protesters who had blocked the entrance to a clinic starts before him failing to enforce a court order in 1992 against anti - abortion protesters who had blocked the entrance to a clinic story: In the race for attorney general , the Democratic candidate , Eliot Spitzer , who favors abortion rights , has moved quickly to make the anti - abortion position of his opponent , Attorney General Dennis Vacco , a central issue in the campaign . Slepian was shot in the back on Friday night as he stood in his kitchen . In a New York Times / CBS News poll completed on Saturday , 69 percent of those polled said they did not know D'Amato 's position on abortion , and only 19 percent knew that he opposed abortion rights . Slepian 's death was among the first topics raised in Saturday night 's debate between the two men , and it was instantly followed by a question to D'Amato on whether he opposed first - trimester abortions for adult women . The measure made it a Federal crime to attack or blockade an abortion clinic . But , Eichenbaum said : ` ` Sometimes an incident like this will do more to energize those who are pro - choice who otherwise might not consider that as an important an issue to go to the polls over . It brings it home . ' ' ' In Sunday 's debate against Vacco , Spitzer  attacked him for  failing to enforce a court order in 1992 against anti - abortion protesters who had blocked the entrance to a clinic . A federal judge removed Vacco , then the U.S. attorney for western New York , from the case . ` ` Trying to score political points from a homicide can have a backlash , ' ' said Maureen Connelly , a media consultant not working for any candidate in next week 's election . 	answer: negative
event: He previously held similar responsibilities starts before increasing the board to 22 story: Mr. Schwarz , who is president of U.S. Trust , will be succeeded in that post by Jeffrey S. Maurer , 42 , who is executive vice president in charge of the company 's asset - management group . As a result , U.S. Trust 's earnings have been hurt . But Mr. Schwarz welcomes the competition in U.S. Trust 's flagship businesses , calling it " flattery . " I do n't believe they have the culture " to adequately service high - net - worth individuals , he adds . U.S. Trust recently introduced certain mutual - fund products , which allow it to serve customers with minimum deposits of $ 250,000 . " We have always taken smaller accounts , but now we are looking for smaller accounts that will grow , " Mr. Schwarz says . The new services allow U.S. Trust to cater to the " new wealth , " Mr. Schwarz says . Quarterly net income this year has risen just over comparable periods in 1988 , when year - end net was below the 1987 level . Assets as of Sept. 30 fell to $ 2.46 billion from about $ 2.77 billion . Mr. Schwarz 's father was a U.S. Trust trustee until 1974 . It will include Messrs. Schwarz and Maurer . Donald M. Roberts , 54 , treasurer , and Frederick S. Wonham , 58 , who takes responsibility for the funds - service group , were named vice chairmen and will serve in the office of the chairman . Mr. Taylor also was named a director ,  increasing the board to 22 , but is not part of the new office of the chairman . 	answer: positive
event: He previously held similar responsibilities starts after increasing the board to 22 story: Mr. Schwarz , who is president of U.S. Trust , will be succeeded in that post by Jeffrey S. Maurer , 42 , who is executive vice president in charge of the company 's asset - management group . As a result , U.S. Trust 's earnings have been hurt . But Mr. Schwarz welcomes the competition in U.S. Trust 's flagship businesses , calling it " flattery . " I do n't believe they have the culture " to adequately service high - net - worth individuals , he adds . U.S. Trust recently introduced certain mutual - fund products , which allow it to serve customers with minimum deposits of $ 250,000 . " We have always taken smaller accounts , but now we are looking for smaller accounts that will grow , " Mr. Schwarz says . The new services allow U.S. Trust to cater to the " new wealth , " Mr. Schwarz says . Quarterly net income this year has risen just over comparable periods in 1988 , when year - end net was below the 1987 level . Assets as of Sept. 30 fell to $ 2.46 billion from about $ 2.77 billion . Mr. Schwarz 's father was a U.S. Trust trustee until 1974 . It will include Messrs. Schwarz and Maurer . Donald M. Roberts , 54 , treasurer , and Frederick S. Wonham , 58 , who takes responsibility for the funds - service group , were named vice chairmen and will serve in the office of the chairman . Mr. Taylor also was named a director ,  increasing the board to 22 , but is not part of the new office of the chairman . 	answer: negative
event: the allegations raised in this article starts after false leaks designed to mislead both reporters and the American public story: WASHINGTON _ Following are statements made Friday and Thursday by Lawrence Wechsler , a lawyer for the White House secretary , Betty Currie ; the White House ; White House spokesman Mike McCurry , and President Clinton in response to an article in The New York Times on Friday about her statements regarding a meeting with the president : Wechsler on Thursday ` ` Without commenting on the allegations  raised in this article , to the extent that there is any implication or suggestion that Mrs. Currie was aware of any legal or ethical impropriety by anyone , that implication or suggestion is entirely inaccurate . ' ' White House on Thursday ` ` For the past few weeks we 've been subjected to false leaks  designed to mislead both reporters and the American public . We 're not going to dignify the latest false leak with a response . ' ' McCurry on Friday ` ` I want to be absolutely clear , to the extent there is any implication or the slightest suggestion that Mrs. Currie believes that the President or anyone else tried to influence her recollection , that is absolutely false and a mischaracterization of the facts . I am shocked and dismayed by the numerous leaks regarding Mrs. Currie 's grand jury testimony . ' ' Clinton on Friday . ` ` Once again , I never asked anybody to do anything but tell the truth . I know about the stories today . I was pleased that Ms. Currie 's lawyers stated unambiguously this morning _ unambiguously _ that she 's not aware of any unethical conduct . 	answer: positive
event: the allegations raised in this article starts before false leaks designed to mislead both reporters and the American public story: WASHINGTON _ Following are statements made Friday and Thursday by Lawrence Wechsler , a lawyer for the White House secretary , Betty Currie ; the White House ; White House spokesman Mike McCurry , and President Clinton in response to an article in The New York Times on Friday about her statements regarding a meeting with the president : Wechsler on Thursday ` ` Without commenting on the allegations  raised in this article , to the extent that there is any implication or suggestion that Mrs. Currie was aware of any legal or ethical impropriety by anyone , that implication or suggestion is entirely inaccurate . ' ' White House on Thursday ` ` For the past few weeks we 've been subjected to false leaks  designed to mislead both reporters and the American public . We 're not going to dignify the latest false leak with a response . ' ' McCurry on Friday ` ` I want to be absolutely clear , to the extent there is any implication or the slightest suggestion that Mrs. Currie believes that the President or anyone else tried to influence her recollection , that is absolutely false and a mischaracterization of the facts . I am shocked and dismayed by the numerous leaks regarding Mrs. Currie 's grand jury testimony . ' ' Clinton on Friday . ` ` Once again , I never asked anybody to do anything but tell the truth . I know about the stories today . I was pleased that Ms. Currie 's lawyers stated unambiguously this morning _ unambiguously _ that she 's not aware of any unethical conduct . 	answer: negative
event: many people who tell us that we should give up this fight starts before those who want to get in our way story: After a weekend of bitter accusations lobbed by both sides of the Elian Gonzalez custody battle , attention returned today to the federal judges deciding a key point in the international case . Elian 's relatives have cared for him since November , when he was found clinging to an inner tube in the Florida Straits . The Clinton administration has pushed for the boy 's return to his father , ruling only he can speak for his son on immigration matters . The boy 's Miami relatives say he will have a better life here and have attempted to portray Juan Miguel Gonzalez as a pawn of Fidel Castro . He said they have manipulated his son to believe that his mother still may show up someday -- in this country . ' ' The way they 're abusing him , turning him against his father ... He 's told me so , ' ' Gonzalez said . The one that decides for him is me , his father . ' ' During the time of the broadcast on Sunday , family members and Elian were outside the home of Lazaro Gonzalez and did not publicly comment after the show . Protesters , however , dismissed Juan Miguel 's comments as either selfish or the words of Fidel Castro . ' ' ' He 's being manipulated totally by Fidel Castro . There are many people who  tell us that we should give up this fight , ' ' said Martin Anorga , an evangelical pastor . ' ' But we will follow in the path that the Lord has shown us , despite those who  want to get in our way . ' ' 	answer: positive
event: many people who tell us that we should give up this fight starts after those who want to get in our way story: After a weekend of bitter accusations lobbed by both sides of the Elian Gonzalez custody battle , attention returned today to the federal judges deciding a key point in the international case . Elian 's relatives have cared for him since November , when he was found clinging to an inner tube in the Florida Straits . The Clinton administration has pushed for the boy 's return to his father , ruling only he can speak for his son on immigration matters . The boy 's Miami relatives say he will have a better life here and have attempted to portray Juan Miguel Gonzalez as a pawn of Fidel Castro . He said they have manipulated his son to believe that his mother still may show up someday -- in this country . ' ' The way they 're abusing him , turning him against his father ... He 's told me so , ' ' Gonzalez said . The one that decides for him is me , his father . ' ' During the time of the broadcast on Sunday , family members and Elian were outside the home of Lazaro Gonzalez and did not publicly comment after the show . Protesters , however , dismissed Juan Miguel 's comments as either selfish or the words of Fidel Castro . ' ' ' He 's being manipulated totally by Fidel Castro . There are many people who  tell us that we should give up this fight , ' ' said Martin Anorga , an evangelical pastor . ' ' But we will follow in the path that the Lord has shown us , despite those who  want to get in our way . ' ' 	answer: negative
event: Castro triggering a trickle of cash from Miami that soon became a flood starts before send $ 1 billion a year in remittances back to their families on the island story: Alone among his two brothers and two sisters who have fled Cuba for Miami , Manuel Gonzalez believes Elian should go back to Cuba to live with his father . ` ` I have lost a son , ' ' Gonzalez told reporters later , referring to his own son 's death due to cancer . Long before Elian thrust them into the unrelenting glare of the international spotlight , the Gonzalez clan was a typical example of the conflicts and painful separations wrought by the Cuban revolution . Then came another sister , Georgina , in 1983 , followed by Manuel and Lazaro in 1984 . He worked as a police officer in a Cuban ministry , a position that probably helped his son _ Elian 's father _ get a job in the Communist island 's increasingly lucrative tourism industry . In desperate need of hard currency , Castro relaxed travel restrictions and allowed Cubans to have U.S. dollars ,  triggering a trickle of cash from Miami that soon became a flood . By some estimates , the 700,000 Cubans living in South Florida _ and elsewhere in the United States The branches of the family regularly talked by telephone and the Miami relatives went back to Cuba for several family reunions . But Elian 's case has broken down the family 's fragile truce , with their political differences exacerbated by the inflammatory rhetoric flying between Castro 's government and exile extremists in Miami . But while Cuban exiles outside the courthouse cheered Lazaro and his family , their angry taunts seemed to shock Manuel . ` ` He 's a strong man , ' ' said Jeffrey Leving . 	answer: positive
event: Castro triggering a trickle of cash from Miami that soon became a flood starts after send $ 1 billion a year in remittances back to their families on the island story: Alone among his two brothers and two sisters who have fled Cuba for Miami , Manuel Gonzalez believes Elian should go back to Cuba to live with his father . ` ` I have lost a son , ' ' Gonzalez told reporters later , referring to his own son 's death due to cancer . Long before Elian thrust them into the unrelenting glare of the international spotlight , the Gonzalez clan was a typical example of the conflicts and painful separations wrought by the Cuban revolution . Then came another sister , Georgina , in 1983 , followed by Manuel and Lazaro in 1984 . He worked as a police officer in a Cuban ministry , a position that probably helped his son _ Elian 's father _ get a job in the Communist island 's increasingly lucrative tourism industry . In desperate need of hard currency , Castro relaxed travel restrictions and allowed Cubans to have U.S. dollars ,  triggering a trickle of cash from Miami that soon became a flood . By some estimates , the 700,000 Cubans living in South Florida _ and elsewhere in the United States The branches of the family regularly talked by telephone and the Miami relatives went back to Cuba for several family reunions . But Elian 's case has broken down the family 's fragile truce , with their political differences exacerbated by the inflammatory rhetoric flying between Castro 's government and exile extremists in Miami . But while Cuban exiles outside the courthouse cheered Lazaro and his family , their angry taunts seemed to shock Manuel . ` ` He 's a strong man , ' ' said Jeffrey Leving . 	answer: negative
event: He placed the blame on Lazaro Rafael Munero , who apparently organized the ill - fated journey on which Elian 's mother Elisabeth Brotons and 10 other people -- including Munero -- died starts after Lazaro Rafael Munero who apparently organized the ill - fated journey on which Elian 's mother Elisabeth Brotons and 10 other people -- including Munero -- died story: HAVANA ( AP ) -- Calling the mother of Elian Gonzalez ` ` an excellent girl , ' ' He  placed the blame on Lazaro Rafael Munero , who apparently  organized the ill - fated journey on which Elian 's mother Elisabeth Brotons and 10 other people -- including Munero -- died . ` ` The mother was practically kidnapped along with the boy ' ' to make the late - November trip , Castro said . Tens of thousands of children flooded Havana 's Plaza of the Revolution to deliver a dual homage to Marti and Elian , the 6-year - old Cuban whose rescue off Florida 's coast two months ago set off a tug - of - war between relatives living on both sides of the Florida Straits . ' The commemorations were similar to those held here annually for Marti , the revolutionary and poet who fought for Cuba 's independence from Spain in 1898 . The commemorations began early Friday morning , as tens of thousands of Cubans marched through Havana 's streets by torchlight . Similar events were held all day in the capital and across the island . Fidel Castro 's government has been using such traditional political events -- along with other rallies almost every day -- to draw attention to the case of Elian , who was rescued Nov. 25 while clinging to an inner tube . But Elian 's paternal great - uncle in the United States , backed by the anti - Castro Cuban American National Foundation , is fighting in the courts to keep the boy in Miami . ` ` What is important for me is that they return the boy to me as soon as possible . ' 	answer: positive
event: He placed the blame on Lazaro Rafael Munero , who apparently organized the ill - fated journey on which Elian 's mother Elisabeth Brotons and 10 other people -- including Munero -- died starts before Lazaro Rafael Munero who apparently organized the ill - fated journey on which Elian 's mother Elisabeth Brotons and 10 other people -- including Munero -- died story: HAVANA ( AP ) -- Calling the mother of Elian Gonzalez ` ` an excellent girl , ' ' He  placed the blame on Lazaro Rafael Munero , who apparently  organized the ill - fated journey on which Elian 's mother Elisabeth Brotons and 10 other people -- including Munero -- died . ` ` The mother was practically kidnapped along with the boy ' ' to make the late - November trip , Castro said . Tens of thousands of children flooded Havana 's Plaza of the Revolution to deliver a dual homage to Marti and Elian , the 6-year - old Cuban whose rescue off Florida 's coast two months ago set off a tug - of - war between relatives living on both sides of the Florida Straits . ' The commemorations were similar to those held here annually for Marti , the revolutionary and poet who fought for Cuba 's independence from Spain in 1898 . The commemorations began early Friday morning , as tens of thousands of Cubans marched through Havana 's streets by torchlight . Similar events were held all day in the capital and across the island . Fidel Castro 's government has been using such traditional political events -- along with other rallies almost every day -- to draw attention to the case of Elian , who was rescued Nov. 25 while clinging to an inner tube . But Elian 's paternal great - uncle in the United States , backed by the anti - Castro Cuban American National Foundation , is fighting in the courts to keep the boy in Miami . ` ` What is important for me is that they return the boy to me as soon as possible . ' 	answer: negative
event: Federal officials placed him with his Miami relatives starts before Federal officials kept custody over him story: D.C. Cuban President Fidel Castro has said they would live in the home of a Cuban diplomat in the Washington area until the court case surrounding Elian 's fate is resolved . Visas for the entourage of more than 20 teachers , classmates and others _ including Ricardo Alarcon , Cuban National Assembly president _ that Castro wants to accompany the family were not yet approved , officials said . He was found floating in an inner - tube off the Florida coast on Thanksgiving Day after a boat carrying him from Cuba sank . In January , Immigration and Naturalization Service Commissioner Doris Meissner ruled that Elian should go back to Cuba , a decision upheld by U.S. Attorney General Janet Reno . The Miami relatives filed a federal lawsuit to overturn the decision , but in March a Miami federal judge ruled against them . Last week , federal officials sought to have the family must sign an agreement to turn the boy over voluntarily should they lose their appeal . If the family refused , INS had threatened to revoke Elian 's parole , meaning federal officials would take him from the Miami family . Previously , Gonzalez had said he would never come here to get his son . A new ABC News - Washington Post opinion poll shows that 6 of 10 Americans also believe the boy should go home with his father . But in Miami , Cuban exiles insist the majority of Americans do n't understand the dynamics of life in Cuba . ` ` His father will be Fidel Castro , the worst dictator in history . ' ' 	answer: positive
event: Federal officials placed him with his Miami relatives starts after Federal officials kept custody over him story: D.C. Cuban President Fidel Castro has said they would live in the home of a Cuban diplomat in the Washington area until the court case surrounding Elian 's fate is resolved . Visas for the entourage of more than 20 teachers , classmates and others _ including Ricardo Alarcon , Cuban National Assembly president _ that Castro wants to accompany the family were not yet approved , officials said . He was found floating in an inner - tube off the Florida coast on Thanksgiving Day after a boat carrying him from Cuba sank . In January , Immigration and Naturalization Service Commissioner Doris Meissner ruled that Elian should go back to Cuba , a decision upheld by U.S. Attorney General Janet Reno . The Miami relatives filed a federal lawsuit to overturn the decision , but in March a Miami federal judge ruled against them . Last week , federal officials sought to have the family must sign an agreement to turn the boy over voluntarily should they lose their appeal . If the family refused , INS had threatened to revoke Elian 's parole , meaning federal officials would take him from the Miami family . Previously , Gonzalez had said he would never come here to get his son . A new ABC News - Washington Post opinion poll shows that 6 of 10 Americans also believe the boy should go home with his father . But in Miami , Cuban exiles insist the majority of Americans do n't understand the dynamics of life in Cuba . ` ` His father will be Fidel Castro , the worst dictator in history . ' ' 	answer: negative
event: Gonzalez said he did n't believe a much - publicized video taped at the relatives ' home in which his son said he did n't want to go starts after he arrived in the United States on April 6 story: After a weekend of bitter accusations lobbed by both sides of the Elian Gonzalez custody battle , attention returned today to the federal judges deciding a key point in the international case . The 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Atlanta has been asked by the U.S. government to suspend a ruling by one of its judges that prevents the removal of Elian from the country . The feeling is the Clinton administration might send federal agents to pull him out of here , ' ' said Sergio Navarro , a 39-year - old Miami businessman who spent part of Sunday night with chanting protesters . The Clinton administration has pushed for the boy 's return to his father , ruling only he can speak for his son on immigration matters . Many worried their efforts to keep the boy in Miami would fail today , the 39th anniversary of the Bay of Pigs fiasco , an aborted invasion of Cuba by CIA - trained exiles that left much bitterness among the Cuban - American community . ' ' We were betrayed by the government , by ( President ) Kennedy , and if they turned the child back over , it will be a second betrayal , ' ' said Josefa Gonzalez , who left Cuba in 1962 when she was 4 . There are many people who tell us that we should give up this fight , ' ' said Martin Anorga , an evangelical pastor . ' ' But we will follow in the path that the Lord has shown us , despite those who want to get in our way . ' ' 	answer: positive
event: Gonzalez said he did n't believe a much - publicized video taped at the relatives ' home in which his son said he did n't want to go starts before he arrived in the United States on April 6 story: After a weekend of bitter accusations lobbed by both sides of the Elian Gonzalez custody battle , attention returned today to the federal judges deciding a key point in the international case . The 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Atlanta has been asked by the U.S. government to suspend a ruling by one of its judges that prevents the removal of Elian from the country . The feeling is the Clinton administration might send federal agents to pull him out of here , ' ' said Sergio Navarro , a 39-year - old Miami businessman who spent part of Sunday night with chanting protesters . The Clinton administration has pushed for the boy 's return to his father , ruling only he can speak for his son on immigration matters . Many worried their efforts to keep the boy in Miami would fail today , the 39th anniversary of the Bay of Pigs fiasco , an aborted invasion of Cuba by CIA - trained exiles that left much bitterness among the Cuban - American community . ' ' We were betrayed by the government , by ( President ) Kennedy , and if they turned the child back over , it will be a second betrayal , ' ' said Josefa Gonzalez , who left Cuba in 1962 when she was 4 . There are many people who tell us that we should give up this fight , ' ' said Martin Anorga , an evangelical pastor . ' ' But we will follow in the path that the Lord has shown us , despite those who want to get in our way . ' ' 	answer: negative
event: Compaq Computer reporting lower - than - expected earnings after the stock market closed Wednesday starts before Later yesterday the nation 's major auto makers added to the gloom when they each reported their core auto operations were net losers in the third quarter story: Long - term Treasury bonds ended slightly higher . The dollar rose modestly against the mark and the yen , but soared against the pound following the resignation of Britain 's chancellor of the Exchequer , Nigel Lawson . Compaq Computer nose - dived $ 8.625 a share , to $ 100 , and pulled other technology issues lower after  reporting lower - than - expected earnings after the stock market closed Wednesday . Later yesterday the nation 's major auto makers  added to the gloom when they each reported their core auto operations were net losers in the third quarter . The less - than - robust third - quarter results came amid renewed concern about the volatility of stock prices and the role of computer - aided program trading . Taken together , the worries prompted a broad sell - off of stocks . The number of stocks on the New York Stock Exchange that fell in price yesterday exceeded 1,000 , a key measure of underlying sentiment among technical analysts . Although the government said the economy grew an estimated 2.5 % in the third quarter , in line with expectations , analysts are increasingly predicting much more sluggish growth -- and therefore more corporate earnings disappointments -- for the fourth quarter . " There are a lot more downward revisions of earnings forecasts than upward revisions , " said Abby Joseph Cohen , a market strategist at Drexel Burnham Lambert . " People are questioning corporate profits as a pillar of support for the equity market . " Volume on the New York Stock Exchange totaled 175.2 million shares . Declining issues on the Big Board outstripped gainers 1,141 to 406 . 	answer: positive
event: Compaq Computer reporting lower - than - expected earnings after the stock market closed Wednesday starts after Later yesterday the nation 's major auto makers added to the gloom when they each reported their core auto operations were net losers in the third quarter story: Long - term Treasury bonds ended slightly higher . The dollar rose modestly against the mark and the yen , but soared against the pound following the resignation of Britain 's chancellor of the Exchequer , Nigel Lawson . Compaq Computer nose - dived $ 8.625 a share , to $ 100 , and pulled other technology issues lower after  reporting lower - than - expected earnings after the stock market closed Wednesday . Later yesterday the nation 's major auto makers  added to the gloom when they each reported their core auto operations were net losers in the third quarter . The less - than - robust third - quarter results came amid renewed concern about the volatility of stock prices and the role of computer - aided program trading . Taken together , the worries prompted a broad sell - off of stocks . The number of stocks on the New York Stock Exchange that fell in price yesterday exceeded 1,000 , a key measure of underlying sentiment among technical analysts . Although the government said the economy grew an estimated 2.5 % in the third quarter , in line with expectations , analysts are increasingly predicting much more sluggish growth -- and therefore more corporate earnings disappointments -- for the fourth quarter . " There are a lot more downward revisions of earnings forecasts than upward revisions , " said Abby Joseph Cohen , a market strategist at Drexel Burnham Lambert . " People are questioning corporate profits as a pillar of support for the equity market . " Volume on the New York Stock Exchange totaled 175.2 million shares . Declining issues on the Big Board outstripped gainers 1,141 to 406 . 	answer: negative
event: It just blew in the air starts before when became clear controllers could not contact the plane story: In Washington today , the Federal Aviation Administration released air traffic control tapes from the night the TWA Flight eight hundred went down . There 's nothing new on why the plane exploded , but you can not miss the moment . ABC 's Lisa Stark has more . There was no hint of trouble in the last conversation between controllers and TWA pilot Steven Snyder TWA eight hundred climb maintain one five thousand . TWA 's eight hundred heavy climb and maintain one five thousand leavin- three thousand . But a minute and a half later , a pilot from a nearby flight calls in . Ah , we just saw an explosion up ahead of us here about sixteen thousand feet or something like that . It just went down . The controller at Boston center tries to raise TWA eight hundred . TWA eight hundred , if you hear center , ident . There is no response . Later , the controller asks the Eastwind pilot for more details . Ah yes , sir . It- It just  blew up in the air , and then we saw two fireballs go down to the , to the water , and there was a big small , ah , smoke , from ah , coming up from that . At one point , when it  became clear controllers could not contact the plane , someone said a prayer . TWA eight hundred center , I think that was him . I think so . God bless him . Lisa Stark ABC news Washington 	answer: positive
event: It just blew in the air starts after when became clear controllers could not contact the plane story: In Washington today , the Federal Aviation Administration released air traffic control tapes from the night the TWA Flight eight hundred went down . There 's nothing new on why the plane exploded , but you can not miss the moment . ABC 's Lisa Stark has more . There was no hint of trouble in the last conversation between controllers and TWA pilot Steven Snyder TWA eight hundred climb maintain one five thousand . TWA 's eight hundred heavy climb and maintain one five thousand leavin- three thousand . But a minute and a half later , a pilot from a nearby flight calls in . Ah , we just saw an explosion up ahead of us here about sixteen thousand feet or something like that . It just went down . The controller at Boston center tries to raise TWA eight hundred . TWA eight hundred , if you hear center , ident . There is no response . Later , the controller asks the Eastwind pilot for more details . Ah yes , sir . It- It just  blew up in the air , and then we saw two fireballs go down to the , to the water , and there was a big small , ah , smoke , from ah , coming up from that . At one point , when it  became clear controllers could not contact the plane , someone said a prayer . TWA eight hundred center , I think that was him . I think so . God bless him . Lisa Stark ABC news Washington 	answer: negative
event: the turnover , largely confined to the 100-share index stocks , partly reflected the flurry of activity typical at the close of a two - week trading account and the start of a new account starts before Friday 's focus on the top - tier stocks telegraphed active overseas selling story: London shares were depressed initially by overnight losses in New York and by the drop in sterling after Mr. Lawson 's resignation . New York stocks recovered some of their losses after the London market closed . A senior dealer with Warburg Securities noted British Gas , the most active blue - chip stock at 20 million shares traded , was affected by the political implications of Mr. Lawson 's departure and Mrs. Thatcher 's cabinet shuffle . He attributed the unusually high volume to broad - based selling on fears that the Thatcher government may be in turmoil and Britain 's Labor Party positioned to regain control of the government and renew efforts at nationalization . British Gas shed 8.5 pence a share to close at 185 pence ( $ 2.90 ) . British Petroleum fell 5 to 286 on 14 million shares traded . Among the other actively traded blue - chip issues , Imperial Chemical Industries dropped 11 to # 10.86 , Hanson skidded 9.5 to 200.5 , and British Telecom fell 10 to 250 . On Friday , the Tokyo stock price index of first section issues was down 15.82 at 2681.76 . Fund managers said Friday 's profittaking was a natural result of the week 's " abnormal fever " in buying real estate , shipbuilding , steel and construction shares . They said contributing to the downward drift was the fact that many professional traders had chosen to square positions ahead of the weekend . " That 's leaving small investors with cold feet , they said , and prompting institutions to take a reserved stance on the sidelines as well , at least until the market in New York settles down somewhat . 	answer: positive
event: the turnover , largely confined to the 100-share index stocks , partly reflected the flurry of activity typical at the close of a two - week trading account and the start of a new account starts after Friday 's focus on the top - tier stocks telegraphed active overseas selling story: London shares were depressed initially by overnight losses in New York and by the drop in sterling after Mr. Lawson 's resignation . New York stocks recovered some of their losses after the London market closed . A senior dealer with Warburg Securities noted British Gas , the most active blue - chip stock at 20 million shares traded , was affected by the political implications of Mr. Lawson 's departure and Mrs. Thatcher 's cabinet shuffle . He attributed the unusually high volume to broad - based selling on fears that the Thatcher government may be in turmoil and Britain 's Labor Party positioned to regain control of the government and renew efforts at nationalization . British Gas shed 8.5 pence a share to close at 185 pence ( $ 2.90 ) . British Petroleum fell 5 to 286 on 14 million shares traded . Among the other actively traded blue - chip issues , Imperial Chemical Industries dropped 11 to # 10.86 , Hanson skidded 9.5 to 200.5 , and British Telecom fell 10 to 250 . On Friday , the Tokyo stock price index of first section issues was down 15.82 at 2681.76 . Fund managers said Friday 's profittaking was a natural result of the week 's " abnormal fever " in buying real estate , shipbuilding , steel and construction shares . They said contributing to the downward drift was the fact that many professional traders had chosen to square positions ahead of the weekend . " That 's leaving small investors with cold feet , they said , and prompting institutions to take a reserved stance on the sidelines as well , at least until the market in New York settles down somewhat . 	answer: negative
event: saying the child did not want to return to Cuba starts before the INS rejected the application for asylum story: ' But Thursday 's decision made it clear the family has only 14 days to decide whether to request a rehearing at that level . & amp;UR ; & amp;LR ; ` ` Expect no extensions , ' ' the court instructed . The appellate ruling made it clear the court takes no joy in lifting an obstacle to Elian 's return to Cuba . But the Immigration and Naturalization Service 's decision to deny Elian an asylum hearing was ` ` within the outside border of reasonable choices , ' ' the opinion read . The judges denied , however , a request by Elian 's father to name him instead of great - uncle Lazaro Gonzalez as Elian 's representative in the continued court proceedings . Switching to English , he said , ` ` I want to thank the American people .  saying the child did not want to return to Cuba . If the family fails to file an appeal within 14 days , she said , the soonest Elian would be free to leave the country would be seven days later . However , Justice Department officials said the appellate court could decide to waive the extra seven - day period . In a statement read on Cuban television , Castro 's government expressed its displeasure at still another delay in Elian 's return . Jose Basulto , founder of Brothers to the Rescue , a Cuban exile group that frequently rescues Cuban refugees from the Straits of Florida , called the latest ruling ` ` outrageous . ' ' ` ` The saga of Elian Gonzalez is a turning point in relations in the Cuban community and the United States , ' ' 	answer: positive
event: saying the child did not want to return to Cuba starts after the INS rejected the application for asylum story: ' But Thursday 's decision made it clear the family has only 14 days to decide whether to request a rehearing at that level . & amp;UR ; & amp;LR ; ` ` Expect no extensions , ' ' the court instructed . The appellate ruling made it clear the court takes no joy in lifting an obstacle to Elian 's return to Cuba . But the Immigration and Naturalization Service 's decision to deny Elian an asylum hearing was ` ` within the outside border of reasonable choices , ' ' the opinion read . The judges denied , however , a request by Elian 's father to name him instead of great - uncle Lazaro Gonzalez as Elian 's representative in the continued court proceedings . Switching to English , he said , ` ` I want to thank the American people .  saying the child did not want to return to Cuba . If the family fails to file an appeal within 14 days , she said , the soonest Elian would be free to leave the country would be seven days later . However , Justice Department officials said the appellate court could decide to waive the extra seven - day period . In a statement read on Cuban television , Castro 's government expressed its displeasure at still another delay in Elian 's return . Jose Basulto , founder of Brothers to the Rescue , a Cuban exile group that frequently rescues Cuban refugees from the Straits of Florida , called the latest ruling ` ` outrageous . ' ' ` ` The saga of Elian Gonzalez is a turning point in relations in the Cuban community and the United States , ' ' 	answer: negative
event: Delta benefited more than other carriers from the weakness of Eastern Airlines , which shares the Atlanta hub starts before Although Eastern is back to about 80 % of its pre - strike schedule now the Texas Air Corp. subsidiary only beginning to get back on its feet during the quarter story: The Atlanta - based airline , the third largest in the U.S. , attributed the increase to higher passenger traffic , new international routes and reduced service by rival Eastern Airlines , which is in bankruptcy proceedings in the wake of a strike that began last spring . For the quarter ended Sept. 30 , Delta posted net income of $ 133.1 million , or $ 2.53 a share , up from $ 100 million , or $ 2.03 a share , a year earlier . During the quarter , Delta issued 2.5 million shares of common stock to Swissair , and repurchased 1.1 million shares for use in a company employee stock ownership plan . " The key to Delta 's record earnings continued to be excellent passenger revenue growth , " said Thomas Roeck , chief financial officer . Delta has  benefited more than other carriers from the weakness of Eastern Airlines , which shares the Atlanta hub . Although Eastern is back to about 80 % of its pre - strike schedule now , the Texas Air Corp. subsidiary was only  beginning to get back on its feet during the quarter . Separately , America West Airlines , Phoenix , Ariz. , reported third - quarter profit jumped 45 % to $ 5.8 million , or 28 cents a share , from $ 4 million , or 24 cents a share , a year earlier . For the nine months , America West posted earnings of $ 18.9 million , or 97 cents a share , compared with a loss of $ 9.7 million , or 74 cents a share , a year earlier . 	answer: positive
event: Delta benefited more than other carriers from the weakness of Eastern Airlines , which shares the Atlanta hub starts after Although Eastern is back to about 80 % of its pre - strike schedule now the Texas Air Corp. subsidiary only beginning to get back on its feet during the quarter story: The Atlanta - based airline , the third largest in the U.S. , attributed the increase to higher passenger traffic , new international routes and reduced service by rival Eastern Airlines , which is in bankruptcy proceedings in the wake of a strike that began last spring . For the quarter ended Sept. 30 , Delta posted net income of $ 133.1 million , or $ 2.53 a share , up from $ 100 million , or $ 2.03 a share , a year earlier . During the quarter , Delta issued 2.5 million shares of common stock to Swissair , and repurchased 1.1 million shares for use in a company employee stock ownership plan . " The key to Delta 's record earnings continued to be excellent passenger revenue growth , " said Thomas Roeck , chief financial officer . Delta has  benefited more than other carriers from the weakness of Eastern Airlines , which shares the Atlanta hub . Although Eastern is back to about 80 % of its pre - strike schedule now , the Texas Air Corp. subsidiary was only  beginning to get back on its feet during the quarter . Separately , America West Airlines , Phoenix , Ariz. , reported third - quarter profit jumped 45 % to $ 5.8 million , or 28 cents a share , from $ 4 million , or 24 cents a share , a year earlier . For the nine months , America West posted earnings of $ 18.9 million , or 97 cents a share , compared with a loss of $ 9.7 million , or 74 cents a share , a year earlier . 	answer: negative
event: when Wong Kwan spent seventy million dollars for this house starts before He said he 'd double his money story: The financial assistance from the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund are not helping . In the last twenty four hours , the value of the Indonesian stock market has fallen by twelve percent . The Indonesian currency has lost twenty six percent of its value . In the Philippines , a four year low . And in Hong Kong , a three percent drop . More problems in Hong Kong for a place , for an economy , that many experts thought was once invincible . Here 's ABC 's Jim Laurie . Not that long ago , before the Chinese takeover , the news about real estate here was that the sky was the limit the highest prices in the world . He sold the property to five buyers and  said he 'd double his money . In Hong Kong , is always belongs to the seller 's market . Now with new construction under way , three of his buyers have backed out . All across Hong Kong , the property market has crashed . Pamela Pak owns eight condominiums here . Pak ca n't find buyers . They believe ah it will be always up going up and up ah forever . But in the past three months , stocks have plunged , interest rates have soared and the downturn all across Asia means that people are not spending here . Hotels are only thirty percent full . You can get seventy percent discounts at the shopping malls . Three thousand dollar pearls for eight hundred dollars . A two hundred dollar wool jacket for fifty dollars . I think that the mood is fairly gloomy , and I think it 's not going to change for a couple of years . 	answer: positive
event: when Wong Kwan spent seventy million dollars for this house starts after He said he 'd double his money story: The financial assistance from the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund are not helping . In the last twenty four hours , the value of the Indonesian stock market has fallen by twelve percent . The Indonesian currency has lost twenty six percent of its value . In the Philippines , a four year low . And in Hong Kong , a three percent drop . More problems in Hong Kong for a place , for an economy , that many experts thought was once invincible . Here 's ABC 's Jim Laurie . Not that long ago , before the Chinese takeover , the news about real estate here was that the sky was the limit the highest prices in the world . He sold the property to five buyers and  said he 'd double his money . In Hong Kong , is always belongs to the seller 's market . Now with new construction under way , three of his buyers have backed out . All across Hong Kong , the property market has crashed . Pamela Pak owns eight condominiums here . Pak ca n't find buyers . They believe ah it will be always up going up and up ah forever . But in the past three months , stocks have plunged , interest rates have soared and the downturn all across Asia means that people are not spending here . Hotels are only thirty percent full . You can get seventy percent discounts at the shopping malls . Three thousand dollar pearls for eight hundred dollars . A two hundred dollar wool jacket for fifty dollars . I think that the mood is fairly gloomy , and I think it 's not going to change for a couple of years . 	answer: negative
event: The British and Irish governments which cosponsor the multi - party talks that are supposed to conclude by May starts before But Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams kept his party out pending meetings with British Prime Minister Tony Blair 10 days ago and President Clinton last week story: _ Chief Superintendent Al McHugh said the bomb discovered in the Irish Republic was destined for an unknown target in Northern Ireland and ` ` would have caused massive destruction . ' ' The discovery appeared to be the latest attempt by extremists opposed to the IRA 's 8-month - old truce to undermine the peace process , set to resume Monday in Belfast . The British and Irish governments , which  cosponsor the multi - party talks that are supposed to conclude by May , invited Sinn Fein to rejoin two weeks ago . But Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams  kept his party out pending meetings with British Prime Minister Tony Blair 10 days ago and President Clinton last week . ` ` We were unjustly pushed out of the talks in February but we are back , ' ' Adams said Sunday . He said the north 's substantial Catholic minority demanded a settlement that would promote Northern Ireland 's eventual unification with the Irish Republic . The crucible is Portadown , 30 miles ( 50 kms ) southwest of Belfast , where Orangemen march each July from their rural church back downtown _ through the town 's main Catholic area . Protesters from several Catholic communities crowded into Portadown 's Catholic Garvaghy Road to hear speakers demand negotiations with Orange Order leaders , and pledge to participate in each others ' road - blocking protests this summer . Riot police in armored cars , shields and helmets prevented a few hundred Protestants , many waving British and Ulster flags , from interfering with the Catholics as they marched within Portadown 's few Catholic streets . Earlier Sunday , police and militant Protestants clashed in a religiously polarized part of north Belfast . 	answer: positive
event: The British and Irish governments which cosponsor the multi - party talks that are supposed to conclude by May starts after But Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams kept his party out pending meetings with British Prime Minister Tony Blair 10 days ago and President Clinton last week story: _ Chief Superintendent Al McHugh said the bomb discovered in the Irish Republic was destined for an unknown target in Northern Ireland and ` ` would have caused massive destruction . ' ' The discovery appeared to be the latest attempt by extremists opposed to the IRA 's 8-month - old truce to undermine the peace process , set to resume Monday in Belfast . The British and Irish governments , which  cosponsor the multi - party talks that are supposed to conclude by May , invited Sinn Fein to rejoin two weeks ago . But Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams  kept his party out pending meetings with British Prime Minister Tony Blair 10 days ago and President Clinton last week . ` ` We were unjustly pushed out of the talks in February but we are back , ' ' Adams said Sunday . He said the north 's substantial Catholic minority demanded a settlement that would promote Northern Ireland 's eventual unification with the Irish Republic . The crucible is Portadown , 30 miles ( 50 kms ) southwest of Belfast , where Orangemen march each July from their rural church back downtown _ through the town 's main Catholic area . Protesters from several Catholic communities crowded into Portadown 's Catholic Garvaghy Road to hear speakers demand negotiations with Orange Order leaders , and pledge to participate in each others ' road - blocking protests this summer . Riot police in armored cars , shields and helmets prevented a few hundred Protestants , many waving British and Ulster flags , from interfering with the Catholics as they marched within Portadown 's few Catholic streets . Earlier Sunday , police and militant Protestants clashed in a religiously polarized part of north Belfast . 	answer: negative
event: Mr. Antar charged last month in a civil suit filed in federal court in Newark by the Securities and Exchange Commission starts after a civil suit filed in federal court in Newark by the Securities and Exchange Commission story: The government is sharpening its newest weapon against white - collar defendants : the power to prevent them from paying their legal bills . A seizure also would make the case the largest -- and one of the first -- in which lawyers ' fees have been confiscated in a prosecution unrelated to drugs . " Mr. Antar is being investigated by a federal grand jury in Newark , where prosecutors have told him that they may soon seek an indictment on racketeering and securities fraud charges . Under the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations law , or RICO , the government has the authority to seek to freeze or seize a defendant 's assets before trial . Therefore , they said , the money can be taken from the lawyers even after they are paid . In Newark , U.S. Attorney Samuel A. Alito said , " I do n't think there 's any legal reason to limit forfeiture of attorney 's fees to drug cases . " Mr. Alito said his office " just responded to an attorney 's question about whether we would go after attorney 's fees , and that is different from actually doing it , although we reserve that right . " Mr. Antar , the SEC said , made more than $ 60 million from the sale of his shares between 1985 and 1987 . The Justice Department has emphasized that the government 's fee - forfeiture power is to be used sparingly . They also worry that if the government applies asset - forfeiture laws broadly , the best defense lawyers will be unwilling to take criminal cases unless they are assured of being paid . 	answer: positive
event: Mr. Antar charged last month in a civil suit filed in federal court in Newark by the Securities and Exchange Commission starts before a civil suit filed in federal court in Newark by the Securities and Exchange Commission story: The government is sharpening its newest weapon against white - collar defendants : the power to prevent them from paying their legal bills . A seizure also would make the case the largest -- and one of the first -- in which lawyers ' fees have been confiscated in a prosecution unrelated to drugs . " Mr. Antar is being investigated by a federal grand jury in Newark , where prosecutors have told him that they may soon seek an indictment on racketeering and securities fraud charges . Under the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations law , or RICO , the government has the authority to seek to freeze or seize a defendant 's assets before trial . Therefore , they said , the money can be taken from the lawyers even after they are paid . In Newark , U.S. Attorney Samuel A. Alito said , " I do n't think there 's any legal reason to limit forfeiture of attorney 's fees to drug cases . " Mr. Alito said his office " just responded to an attorney 's question about whether we would go after attorney 's fees , and that is different from actually doing it , although we reserve that right . " Mr. Antar , the SEC said , made more than $ 60 million from the sale of his shares between 1985 and 1987 . The Justice Department has emphasized that the government 's fee - forfeiture power is to be used sparingly . They also worry that if the government applies asset - forfeiture laws broadly , the best defense lawyers will be unwilling to take criminal cases unless they are assured of being paid . 	answer: negative
event: In Delaware Chancery Court litigation Telerate criticized Dow Jones for not disclosing that Telerate 's management expects the company 's revenue to increase by 20 % annually while Dow Jones based its projections of Telerate 's performance on a 12 % revenue growth forecast starts after In the tender offer supplement Dow Jones discloses the different growth forecasts story: The offer , which Telerate 's two independent directors have rejected as inadequate , previously had been scheduled to expire at midnight Friday . Dow Jones said it extended the offer to allow shareholders time to review a supplement to the Dow Jones tender offer circular that it mailed last Friday . In Delaware Chancery Court litigation , Telerate has  criticized Dow Jones for not disclosing that Telerate 's management expects the company 's revenue to increase by 20 % annually , while Dow Jones based its projections of Telerate 's performance on a 12 % revenue growth forecast . In the tender offer supplement , Dow Jones  discloses the different growth forecasts but says it views the 20 % growth rate " as a hoped - for goal " of Telerate 's management " and not as a realistic basis on which to project the company 's likely future performance . " Telerate shares fell 50 cents on Friday to close at $ 20 each in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . Dow Jones shares also fell 50 cents to close at $ 36.125 in Big Board composite trading . Dow Jones has said it believes the $ 18-a - share price is fair to Telerate 's minority shareholders . Late last week , representatives of Dow Jones and Telerate began negotiations about the terms of the offer , but those talks did n't result in any changes in the offer . Telerate provides information about financial markets through an electronic network . 	answer: positive
event: In Delaware Chancery Court litigation Telerate criticized Dow Jones for not disclosing that Telerate 's management expects the company 's revenue to increase by 20 % annually while Dow Jones based its projections of Telerate 's performance on a 12 % revenue growth forecast starts before In the tender offer supplement Dow Jones discloses the different growth forecasts story: The offer , which Telerate 's two independent directors have rejected as inadequate , previously had been scheduled to expire at midnight Friday . Dow Jones said it extended the offer to allow shareholders time to review a supplement to the Dow Jones tender offer circular that it mailed last Friday . In Delaware Chancery Court litigation , Telerate has  criticized Dow Jones for not disclosing that Telerate 's management expects the company 's revenue to increase by 20 % annually , while Dow Jones based its projections of Telerate 's performance on a 12 % revenue growth forecast . In the tender offer supplement , Dow Jones  discloses the different growth forecasts but says it views the 20 % growth rate " as a hoped - for goal " of Telerate 's management " and not as a realistic basis on which to project the company 's likely future performance . " Telerate shares fell 50 cents on Friday to close at $ 20 each in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . Dow Jones shares also fell 50 cents to close at $ 36.125 in Big Board composite trading . Dow Jones has said it believes the $ 18-a - share price is fair to Telerate 's minority shareholders . Late last week , representatives of Dow Jones and Telerate began negotiations about the terms of the offer , but those talks did n't result in any changes in the offer . Telerate provides information about financial markets through an electronic network . 	answer: negative
event: The boy plucked from the Atlantic on Thanksgiving Day starts before He just as quickly embraced as a pawn in the poisonous estrangement between Fidel Castro 's regime and its opponents in exile story: The New York Times says in an editorial on Thursday , Jan. 6 : & amp;QL ; The U.S. Immigration and Naturalization Service made a reasonable decision Wednesday in ruling that Elian Gonzalez , the 6-year - old boy who survived an ill - fated migrant smuggling trip across the Florida Straits , should be reunited with his father back in Cuba . Moreover , by setting a Jan. 14 return date , the immigration service allowed Elian 's American relatives time to test the ruling in court . Ten of those on board died , including his mother and stepfather . The boy clung to an inner tube for two days and was  plucked from the Atlantic on Thanksgiving Day and brought ashore . This page has argued from the start that Elian not be denied due process because of his youth , and the INS appears to have moved carefully . Elian 's great - uncle and other American relatives were allowed to make their case that he should have a life in Miami . The mother 's parents also argued for a return to Cuba . The INS decided that under their prevailing policies , Gonzalez met the test that calls for custody reverting to the sole surviving parent in such cases . It is unclear how the political side of this affair will play out . Elian 's relatives in Miami have indicated they plan to appeal , as is their right . Some of their more militant supporters in Miami , decrying the prospect that the boy will be used as a ` ` trophy ' ' by Castro , have indicated they may try to disrupt efforts to reunite Elian with his father . 	answer: positive
event: The boy plucked from the Atlantic on Thanksgiving Day starts after He just as quickly embraced as a pawn in the poisonous estrangement between Fidel Castro 's regime and its opponents in exile story: The New York Times says in an editorial on Thursday , Jan. 6 : & amp;QL ; The U.S. Immigration and Naturalization Service made a reasonable decision Wednesday in ruling that Elian Gonzalez , the 6-year - old boy who survived an ill - fated migrant smuggling trip across the Florida Straits , should be reunited with his father back in Cuba . Moreover , by setting a Jan. 14 return date , the immigration service allowed Elian 's American relatives time to test the ruling in court . Ten of those on board died , including his mother and stepfather . The boy clung to an inner tube for two days and was  plucked from the Atlantic on Thanksgiving Day and brought ashore . This page has argued from the start that Elian not be denied due process because of his youth , and the INS appears to have moved carefully . Elian 's great - uncle and other American relatives were allowed to make their case that he should have a life in Miami . The mother 's parents also argued for a return to Cuba . The INS decided that under their prevailing policies , Gonzalez met the test that calls for custody reverting to the sole surviving parent in such cases . It is unclear how the political side of this affair will play out . Elian 's relatives in Miami have indicated they plan to appeal , as is their right . Some of their more militant supporters in Miami , decrying the prospect that the boy will be used as a ` ` trophy ' ' by Castro , have indicated they may try to disrupt efforts to reunite Elian with his father . 	answer: negative
event: the eight presidential sites that Baghdad placed off - limits to U.N. weapons inspectors starts before The official said these sites could only be visited by a special team of U.N. monitors and diplomats as laid down by the Feb. 23 accord signed by U.N. Secretary - General Kofi Annan and Iraqi Deputy Prime Minister Tariq Aziz story: _ An American leader of a U.N. weapons inspection team resumed work in Iraq Friday , nearly two months after his team was effectively blocked . Scott Ritter led his team on a 10-hour tour of three suspected weapons sites classified as ` ` sensitive ' ' by the Iraqi authorities , U.N. spokesman Alan Dacey said . At least one of the sensitive sites was a barracks of the elite Republican Guard , a well - placed source told The Associated Press . Then the Baghdad government stopped providing Ritter 's team with escorts , making it impossible for him to enter any site . The official Iraqi News Agency , which gives the daily tally of inspections , did not mention Ritter by name , but said Friday that team no . Ritter 's return is seen as something of a test of that agreement , under which Iraq agreed to give inspectors full access to eight of Saddam Hussein 's presidential palaces . The United States had moved additional troops and a naval armada into the Gulf and said it would strike Iraq unless it gave the U.N. arms inspectors unfettered access to all potential weapons sites , including Saddam 's palaces . Iraq had argued the presidential sites should be off limits as symbols of sovereignty . A Pentagon spokesman said Thursday that the 38,000 U.S. troops in the Gulf will remain until Iraq complies with the U.N. Security Council agreement over weapons inspections . The U.N.-Iraq accord was worked out by U.N. Secretary - General Kofi Annan , who appointed a retired Indian diplomat on Thursday as his special representative to Iraq . U.N. officials in New York on Friday finished drafting the rules , in consultation with Iraqi diplomats . 	answer: positive
event: the eight presidential sites that Baghdad placed off - limits to U.N. weapons inspectors starts after The official said these sites could only be visited by a special team of U.N. monitors and diplomats as laid down by the Feb. 23 accord signed by U.N. Secretary - General Kofi Annan and Iraqi Deputy Prime Minister Tariq Aziz story: _ An American leader of a U.N. weapons inspection team resumed work in Iraq Friday , nearly two months after his team was effectively blocked . Scott Ritter led his team on a 10-hour tour of three suspected weapons sites classified as ` ` sensitive ' ' by the Iraqi authorities , U.N. spokesman Alan Dacey said . At least one of the sensitive sites was a barracks of the elite Republican Guard , a well - placed source told The Associated Press . Then the Baghdad government stopped providing Ritter 's team with escorts , making it impossible for him to enter any site . The official Iraqi News Agency , which gives the daily tally of inspections , did not mention Ritter by name , but said Friday that team no . Ritter 's return is seen as something of a test of that agreement , under which Iraq agreed to give inspectors full access to eight of Saddam Hussein 's presidential palaces . The United States had moved additional troops and a naval armada into the Gulf and said it would strike Iraq unless it gave the U.N. arms inspectors unfettered access to all potential weapons sites , including Saddam 's palaces . Iraq had argued the presidential sites should be off limits as symbols of sovereignty . A Pentagon spokesman said Thursday that the 38,000 U.S. troops in the Gulf will remain until Iraq complies with the U.N. Security Council agreement over weapons inspections . The U.N.-Iraq accord was worked out by U.N. Secretary - General Kofi Annan , who appointed a retired Indian diplomat on Thursday as his special representative to Iraq . U.N. officials in New York on Friday finished drafting the rules , in consultation with Iraqi diplomats . 	answer: negative
event: the sniper 's bullet entered through a partially draped kitchen window starts before the sniper 's bullet exited through his chest story: the sniper 's bullet  entered through a partially draped kitchen window , hit Slepian in the back and  exited through his chest . But one abortion opponent , the Rev. Donald Spitz , the founder of Pro - Life Virginia , described Slepian 's killer as a ` ` hero ' ' for ending the physician 's ` ` bloodthirsty practice . ' ' ` ` We as Christians have a responsibility to protect the innocent from being murdered , ' ' Spitz said in a statement released to The Associated Press , ` ` the same way we would want someone to protect us . Whoever shot the shot protected the children . ' Joseph Zwilling , a spokesman for the Archdiocese of New York , said of the cardinal 's sermon . She said the rhetoric of the anti - abortion movement has helped lead to violent attacks against abortion providers . ` ` I think that when pro - life organizations try to distinguish between themselves and these incidents they are at best being disingenuous , ' ' she said . ` ` They are the ones who call these doctors murderers . ' ' In Amherst , residents who said they opposed abortion decried the attack and said they hoped the perpetrator was caught . Men smoking cigars and drinking beer with friends after shooting skeet at the Buffalo Shooting Club in Amherst said their feelings about abortion were mixed , but they uniformly denounced the killing of Slepian . Little of the vitriol that the issue aroused in the late 1980s and early 1990s remains , residents said , and many of the local religious leaders who led the 1992 protests have moved . 	answer: positive
event: the sniper 's bullet entered through a partially draped kitchen window starts after the sniper 's bullet exited through his chest story: the sniper 's bullet  entered through a partially draped kitchen window , hit Slepian in the back and  exited through his chest . But one abortion opponent , the Rev. Donald Spitz , the founder of Pro - Life Virginia , described Slepian 's killer as a ` ` hero ' ' for ending the physician 's ` ` bloodthirsty practice . ' ' ` ` We as Christians have a responsibility to protect the innocent from being murdered , ' ' Spitz said in a statement released to The Associated Press , ` ` the same way we would want someone to protect us . Whoever shot the shot protected the children . ' Joseph Zwilling , a spokesman for the Archdiocese of New York , said of the cardinal 's sermon . She said the rhetoric of the anti - abortion movement has helped lead to violent attacks against abortion providers . ` ` I think that when pro - life organizations try to distinguish between themselves and these incidents they are at best being disingenuous , ' ' she said . ` ` They are the ones who call these doctors murderers . ' ' In Amherst , residents who said they opposed abortion decried the attack and said they hoped the perpetrator was caught . Men smoking cigars and drinking beer with friends after shooting skeet at the Buffalo Shooting Club in Amherst said their feelings about abortion were mixed , but they uniformly denounced the killing of Slepian . Little of the vitriol that the issue aroused in the late 1980s and early 1990s remains , residents said , and many of the local religious leaders who led the 1992 protests have moved . 	answer: negative
event: The ratification process of NATO enlargement concluded on Wednesday after the Netherlands gave its go - ahead starts after Poland , Hungary and the Czech Republic accepted as members of the Western military alliance after the upper house of the Dutch parliament voted in favor of their inclusion story: BRUSSELS , December 2 ( Xinhua ) -- The ratification process of NATO enlargement  concluded on Wednesday after the Netherlands gave its go - ahead . Poland , Hungary and the Czech Republic have been  accepted as members of the Western military alliance after the upper house of the Dutch parliament voted in favor of their inclusion . All the political parties in the upper house , with the exception of the Greens , agreed on the enlargement process , according to reports reaching here . The lower house already approved the enlargement move in early October this year . The ratification process began in February this year with Canada being the first NATO member state starting the ratification process . It was followed by Denmark , Norway , Germany , France , Greece , Luxembourg , Spain , Britain , the United States , Iceland , Belgium , Italy , Portugal and Turkey . NATO decided at last year 's Madrid summit to invite the three eastern European countries to start accession talks . Poland , Hungary and the Czech Republic are scheduled to become full members of NATO in April next year when the alliance celebrates its 50th anniversary in Washington . 	answer: positive
event: The ratification process of NATO enlargement concluded on Wednesday after the Netherlands gave its go - ahead starts before Poland , Hungary and the Czech Republic accepted as members of the Western military alliance after the upper house of the Dutch parliament voted in favor of their inclusion story: BRUSSELS , December 2 ( Xinhua ) -- The ratification process of NATO enlargement  concluded on Wednesday after the Netherlands gave its go - ahead . Poland , Hungary and the Czech Republic have been  accepted as members of the Western military alliance after the upper house of the Dutch parliament voted in favor of their inclusion . All the political parties in the upper house , with the exception of the Greens , agreed on the enlargement process , according to reports reaching here . The lower house already approved the enlargement move in early October this year . The ratification process began in February this year with Canada being the first NATO member state starting the ratification process . It was followed by Denmark , Norway , Germany , France , Greece , Luxembourg , Spain , Britain , the United States , Iceland , Belgium , Italy , Portugal and Turkey . NATO decided at last year 's Madrid summit to invite the three eastern European countries to start accession talks . Poland , Hungary and the Czech Republic are scheduled to become full members of NATO in April next year when the alliance celebrates its 50th anniversary in Washington . 	answer: negative
event: an obstetrician who also performed abortions starts before The FBI says Kopp is wanted as a material witness in the case story: The antiabortion activist wanted for questioning in last month 's shooting death of a doctor in a Buffalo suburb may have fled to Mexico , according to a newspaper report . James Charles Kopp , 44 , of Vermont , was seen in the car of a female associate crossing the US border days after a sniper killed Dr. Barnett Slepian in his kitchen , the Buffalo News reported Friday . Kopp has been the subject of a manhunt following reports that he was spotted in a vehicle near the scene of the Oct. 23 slaying of Slepian , 52 , an obstetrician who also  performed abortions . ` ` In all candor , the FBI does not know where James Kopp is _ period , ' ' said Paul Moskal , a spokesman for the bureau 's Buffalo office . ` ` He 's as likely to be in Boston , Massachusetts , as in Buffalo , New York . ' ' Authorities want to question the unidentified woman who allegedly traveled with Kopp , according to an investigator quoted by the newspaper . ` ` She may have been with Kopp sometime after the murder , ' ' the investigator said . ` ` Kopp may be in Mexico . He may have even traveled further into Central America or South America . ' ' A task force of US and Canadian officials is investigating the similarities between the attack on Slepian and four others on abortion providers in Canada and upstate New York in the past four years . The US Justice Department is offering a $ 500,000 reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction of those responsible for Slepian 's slaying . 	answer: positive
event: an obstetrician who also performed abortions starts after The FBI says Kopp is wanted as a material witness in the case story: The antiabortion activist wanted for questioning in last month 's shooting death of a doctor in a Buffalo suburb may have fled to Mexico , according to a newspaper report . James Charles Kopp , 44 , of Vermont , was seen in the car of a female associate crossing the US border days after a sniper killed Dr. Barnett Slepian in his kitchen , the Buffalo News reported Friday . Kopp has been the subject of a manhunt following reports that he was spotted in a vehicle near the scene of the Oct. 23 slaying of Slepian , 52 , an obstetrician who also  performed abortions . ` ` In all candor , the FBI does not know where James Kopp is _ period , ' ' said Paul Moskal , a spokesman for the bureau 's Buffalo office . ` ` He 's as likely to be in Boston , Massachusetts , as in Buffalo , New York . ' ' Authorities want to question the unidentified woman who allegedly traveled with Kopp , according to an investigator quoted by the newspaper . ` ` She may have been with Kopp sometime after the murder , ' ' the investigator said . ` ` Kopp may be in Mexico . He may have even traveled further into Central America or South America . ' ' A task force of US and Canadian officials is investigating the similarities between the attack on Slepian and four others on abortion providers in Canada and upstate New York in the past four years . The US Justice Department is offering a $ 500,000 reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction of those responsible for Slepian 's slaying . 	answer: negative
event: The antiabortion activist wanted for questioning in last month 's shooting death of a doctor in a Buffalo suburb starts after James Charles Kopp , 44 , of Vermont seen in the car of a female associate crossing the US border days after a sniper killed Dr. Barnett Slepian in his kitchen story: The antiabortion activist  wanted for questioning in last month 's shooting death of a doctor in a Buffalo suburb may have fled to Mexico , according to a newspaper report . Kopp has been the subject of a manhunt following reports that he was spotted in a vehicle near the scene of the Oct. 23 slaying of Slepian , 52 , an obstetrician who also performed abortions . The FBI says Kopp is wanted as a material witness in the case . Friday , an FBI official said authorities are pursuing more than 400 tips but have not pinned down Kopp 's whereabouts . ` ` In all candor , the FBI does not know where James Kopp is _ period , ' ' said Paul Moskal , a spokesman for the bureau 's Buffalo office . ` ` He 's as likely to be in Boston , Massachusetts , as in Buffalo , New York . ' ' Authorities want to question the unidentified woman who allegedly traveled with Kopp , according to an investigator quoted by the newspaper . ` ` She may have been with Kopp sometime after the murder , ' ' the investigator said . ` ` Kopp may be in Mexico . He may have even traveled further into Central America or South America . ' ' A task force of US and Canadian officials is investigating the similarities between the attack on Slepian and four others on abortion providers in Canada and upstate New York in the past four years . The US Justice Department is offering a $ 500,000 reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction of those responsible for Slepian 's slaying . 	answer: positive
event: The antiabortion activist wanted for questioning in last month 's shooting death of a doctor in a Buffalo suburb starts before James Charles Kopp , 44 , of Vermont seen in the car of a female associate crossing the US border days after a sniper killed Dr. Barnett Slepian in his kitchen story: The antiabortion activist  wanted for questioning in last month 's shooting death of a doctor in a Buffalo suburb may have fled to Mexico , according to a newspaper report . Kopp has been the subject of a manhunt following reports that he was spotted in a vehicle near the scene of the Oct. 23 slaying of Slepian , 52 , an obstetrician who also performed abortions . The FBI says Kopp is wanted as a material witness in the case . Friday , an FBI official said authorities are pursuing more than 400 tips but have not pinned down Kopp 's whereabouts . ` ` In all candor , the FBI does not know where James Kopp is _ period , ' ' said Paul Moskal , a spokesman for the bureau 's Buffalo office . ` ` He 's as likely to be in Boston , Massachusetts , as in Buffalo , New York . ' ' Authorities want to question the unidentified woman who allegedly traveled with Kopp , according to an investigator quoted by the newspaper . ` ` She may have been with Kopp sometime after the murder , ' ' the investigator said . ` ` Kopp may be in Mexico . He may have even traveled further into Central America or South America . ' ' A task force of US and Canadian officials is investigating the similarities between the attack on Slepian and four others on abortion providers in Canada and upstate New York in the past four years . The US Justice Department is offering a $ 500,000 reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction of those responsible for Slepian 's slaying . 	answer: negative
event: The rifle discovered April 8 buried one foot below the ground , about 200 feet behind Slepian 's house starts before it resembles the kind of high - powered rifle used in the slaying story: Slepian was the mainstay of Buffalo 's only abortion clinic before he was shot to death last Oct. 23 at his home in suburban Amherst . But the decision by District Attorney Frank C. Clark to begin presenting evidence to a state grand jury suggests that he has amassed enough material to support a criminal indictment for homicide . Clark said in a telephone interview Monday . The rifle was  discovered April 8 buried one foot below the ground , about 200 feet behind Slepian 's house . There also are videotapes of Kopp 's car crossing the Canadian border around the days _ in 1994 , 1995 and 1997 _ that three Canadian doctors who perform abortions were shot at . None of those doctors were killed . U.S. Attorney Denise E. O'Donnell declined to discuss what federal charges were being pursued , but she said that in a case like this , potential charges would be abortion - related violence , the use of a firearm in an act of violence , crossing state lines to commit a crime , and , if the suspect 's act was tied to an organization , violation of the so - called RICO statutes , which prohibit an organized criminal enterprise . Slepian , 52 , and the father of four boys , was shot to death at 10 p.m. as he stood chatting with his wife in the kitchen of their home in an affluent enclave in Amherst , which is the largest Buffalo suburb . 	answer: positive
event: The rifle discovered April 8 buried one foot below the ground , about 200 feet behind Slepian 's house starts after it resembles the kind of high - powered rifle used in the slaying story: Slepian was the mainstay of Buffalo 's only abortion clinic before he was shot to death last Oct. 23 at his home in suburban Amherst . But the decision by District Attorney Frank C. Clark to begin presenting evidence to a state grand jury suggests that he has amassed enough material to support a criminal indictment for homicide . Clark said in a telephone interview Monday . The rifle was  discovered April 8 buried one foot below the ground , about 200 feet behind Slepian 's house . There also are videotapes of Kopp 's car crossing the Canadian border around the days _ in 1994 , 1995 and 1997 _ that three Canadian doctors who perform abortions were shot at . None of those doctors were killed . U.S. Attorney Denise E. O'Donnell declined to discuss what federal charges were being pursued , but she said that in a case like this , potential charges would be abortion - related violence , the use of a firearm in an act of violence , crossing state lines to commit a crime , and , if the suspect 's act was tied to an organization , violation of the so - called RICO statutes , which prohibit an organized criminal enterprise . Slepian , 52 , and the father of four boys , was shot to death at 10 p.m. as he stood chatting with his wife in the kitchen of their home in an affluent enclave in Amherst , which is the largest Buffalo suburb . 	answer: negative
event: it has a large portfolio of equity securities issued in connection with corporate restructurings and leveraged buy - outs , which has a book value of $ 90 million starts after equity securities issued in connection with corporate restructurings and leveraged buy - outs story: Columbia also added $ 227.3 million to reserves for losses on the portfolio , increasing general reserves to $ 300 million , or about 6.7 % of the total portfolio , as of Sept. 30 . On June 30 , loss reserves stood at $ 108.3 million . Thrift officials said the $ 300 million reserve will be adjusted quarterly and will reflect the rate of dispositions and market conditions . The adjustments result from the recently passed thrift - industry bailout legislation , which requires thrifts to divest all high - yield bond investments by 1994 . For its future strategy , Columbia officials said the thrift may branch out into commercial lending or managing outside investments , as well as beefing up more traditional thrift activities . The quarterly results also reflected $ 21.4 million in non - recurring losses from commercial real - estate activities in California . Columbia announced the results after the close of the stock market . The price of Columbia shares has been cut nearly in half since August , when they traded at about $ 10 , as investors apparently realized that the thrift would be forced to take a big write - down . The stock 's decline accelerated in the past two weeks , from a price of $ 8 a share on Oct. 9 . Columbia officials said they do n't know how quickly they will dispose of the thrift 's junk bonds , because federal regulations , such as those that would allow thrifts to continue holding the bonds in separately capitalized subsidiaries , have n't yet been completed . 	answer: positive
event: it has a large portfolio of equity securities issued in connection with corporate restructurings and leveraged buy - outs , which has a book value of $ 90 million starts before equity securities issued in connection with corporate restructurings and leveraged buy - outs story: Columbia also added $ 227.3 million to reserves for losses on the portfolio , increasing general reserves to $ 300 million , or about 6.7 % of the total portfolio , as of Sept. 30 . On June 30 , loss reserves stood at $ 108.3 million . Thrift officials said the $ 300 million reserve will be adjusted quarterly and will reflect the rate of dispositions and market conditions . The adjustments result from the recently passed thrift - industry bailout legislation , which requires thrifts to divest all high - yield bond investments by 1994 . For its future strategy , Columbia officials said the thrift may branch out into commercial lending or managing outside investments , as well as beefing up more traditional thrift activities . The quarterly results also reflected $ 21.4 million in non - recurring losses from commercial real - estate activities in California . Columbia announced the results after the close of the stock market . The price of Columbia shares has been cut nearly in half since August , when they traded at about $ 10 , as investors apparently realized that the thrift would be forced to take a big write - down . The stock 's decline accelerated in the past two weeks , from a price of $ 8 a share on Oct. 9 . Columbia officials said they do n't know how quickly they will dispose of the thrift 's junk bonds , because federal regulations , such as those that would allow thrifts to continue holding the bonds in separately capitalized subsidiaries , have n't yet been completed . 	answer: negative
event: the president 's son met with Sununu last week after holding a series of conversations about the structure of the White House staff and of the campaign with other Bush loyalists and GOP activists starts before the younger Bush " sketched for Sununu problems the president is encountering because of the chief of staff 's tenure story: Sununu was told Wednesday by Bush 's son , George , that he had alienated members of the Cabinet , the White House staff and the Republican political community , creating a situation that puts his effectiveness in significant doubt , the sources said . The message to the chief of staff was meant to be taken as a suggestion that Sununu offer to resign , one highly placed source said . Instead , Sununu sought to prove to the president that his supporters outnumber his critics and that he should remain in his post . One senior official Monday described the White House as " a collection of small groups of aides holding their breaths , " waiting to see whether Sununu survives . One GOP source , reporting on a call from the chief of staff to a Republican leader , said Sununu lamented that " the noose is tightening around my neck , and I need your help . " Another highly placed source said the president 's son  met with Sununu last week after holding a series of conversations about the structure of the White House staff and of the campaign with other Bush loyalists and GOP activists . The source said the younger Bush "  sketched out for Sununu " problems the president is encountering because of the chief of staff 's tenure . " That , the source said , was when Sununu started calling congressional Republicans and asking them to tell Bush that the conservative wing of the party , in particular , would object if he were fired . Officials said the president himself met with Sununu Sunday . A source said the outcome of that session was unclear . 	answer: positive
event: the president 's son met with Sununu last week after holding a series of conversations about the structure of the White House staff and of the campaign with other Bush loyalists and GOP activists starts after the younger Bush " sketched for Sununu problems the president is encountering because of the chief of staff 's tenure story: Sununu was told Wednesday by Bush 's son , George , that he had alienated members of the Cabinet , the White House staff and the Republican political community , creating a situation that puts his effectiveness in significant doubt , the sources said . The message to the chief of staff was meant to be taken as a suggestion that Sununu offer to resign , one highly placed source said . Instead , Sununu sought to prove to the president that his supporters outnumber his critics and that he should remain in his post . One senior official Monday described the White House as " a collection of small groups of aides holding their breaths , " waiting to see whether Sununu survives . One GOP source , reporting on a call from the chief of staff to a Republican leader , said Sununu lamented that " the noose is tightening around my neck , and I need your help . " Another highly placed source said the president 's son  met with Sununu last week after holding a series of conversations about the structure of the White House staff and of the campaign with other Bush loyalists and GOP activists . The source said the younger Bush "  sketched out for Sununu " problems the president is encountering because of the chief of staff 's tenure . " That , the source said , was when Sununu started calling congressional Republicans and asking them to tell Bush that the conservative wing of the party , in particular , would object if he were fired . Officials said the president himself met with Sununu Sunday . A source said the outcome of that session was unclear . 	answer: negative
event: someone wanted as a material witness starts before the authorities admitted they have no idea where Kopp is story: With the finding of a buried rifle 11 days ago , the authorities in the Buffalo , N.Y. , area say they have gathered enough evidence in the October slaying of Dr. Barnett Slepian to begin presenting a murder case to a state grand jury as early as next week . A federal grand jury has already been addressing the slaying under laws that prohibit violence against providers of abortion . Slepian was the mainstay of Buffalo 's only abortion clinic before he was shot to death last Oct. 23 at his home in suburban Amherst . Officially , Kopp is being sought as a ` ` material witness ' ' in the case . For now , though , that would be a theoretical advantage since the authorities have  admitted they have no idea where Kopp is . The rifle was discovered April 8 buried one foot below the ground , about 200 feet behind Slepian 's house . that three Canadian doctors who perform abortions were shot at . If a suspect is caught and charged in both state and federal courts , a state trial would likely precede a federal one , giving the authorities two chances to prosecute . U.S. Attorney Denise E. O'Donnell declined to discuss what federal charges were being pursued , but she said that in a case like this , potential charges would be abortion - related violence , the use of a firearm in an act of violence , crossing state lines to commit a crime , and , if the suspect 's act was tied to an organization , violation of the so - called RICO statutes , which prohibit an organized criminal enterprise . 	answer: positive
event: someone wanted as a material witness starts after the authorities admitted they have no idea where Kopp is story: With the finding of a buried rifle 11 days ago , the authorities in the Buffalo , N.Y. , area say they have gathered enough evidence in the October slaying of Dr. Barnett Slepian to begin presenting a murder case to a state grand jury as early as next week . A federal grand jury has already been addressing the slaying under laws that prohibit violence against providers of abortion . Slepian was the mainstay of Buffalo 's only abortion clinic before he was shot to death last Oct. 23 at his home in suburban Amherst . Officially , Kopp is being sought as a ` ` material witness ' ' in the case . For now , though , that would be a theoretical advantage since the authorities have  admitted they have no idea where Kopp is . The rifle was discovered April 8 buried one foot below the ground , about 200 feet behind Slepian 's house . that three Canadian doctors who perform abortions were shot at . If a suspect is caught and charged in both state and federal courts , a state trial would likely precede a federal one , giving the authorities two chances to prosecute . U.S. Attorney Denise E. O'Donnell declined to discuss what federal charges were being pursued , but she said that in a case like this , potential charges would be abortion - related violence , the use of a firearm in an act of violence , crossing state lines to commit a crime , and , if the suspect 's act was tied to an organization , violation of the so - called RICO statutes , which prohibit an organized criminal enterprise . 	answer: negative
event: Her brother Delfin , who was imprisoned as an anti - Castro activist in the 1960s followed in 1979 starts before Then came another sister , Georgina , in 1983 , followed by Manuel and Lazaro in 1984 story: Until this week . In a town where expressing even the slightest approval for Cuban President Fidel Castro can prompt threats of physical harm , Manuel Gonzalez filed a motion in federal court asking for custody of Elian so that he could help reunite the boy with his father in Cuba . Elian should be with his father . ' ' But the family has overcome steep obstacles before . Long before Elian thrust them into the unrelenting glare of the international spotlight , the Gonzalez clan was a typical example of the conflicts and painful separations wrought by the Cuban revolution . Of those who stayed in Cuba , Juan Miguel 's father , Juan Gonzalez , seems the most closely allied with the Cuban government . ` ` Cubans value their families above almost anything , but the post-1959 politics have managed to split thousands of families apart , ' ' he said . For decades , Cuban Americans in Miami were largely cut off from the families they left behind . Labeled ` ` worms ' ' and ` ` traitors ' ' by Castro , many were n't able to speak to _ much less visit By some estimates , the 700,000 Cubans living in South Florida _ and elsewhere in the United States _ send $ 1 billion a year in remittances back to their families on the island . But there has been at least one attempt at a resolution . The day before last Tuesday 's federal court hearing , Manuel went to Lazaro 's home to try to work out their differences . ` ` He 's a strong man , ' ' said Jeffrey Leving . 	answer: positive
event: Her brother Delfin , who was imprisoned as an anti - Castro activist in the 1960s followed in 1979 starts after Then came another sister , Georgina , in 1983 , followed by Manuel and Lazaro in 1984 story: Until this week . In a town where expressing even the slightest approval for Cuban President Fidel Castro can prompt threats of physical harm , Manuel Gonzalez filed a motion in federal court asking for custody of Elian so that he could help reunite the boy with his father in Cuba . Elian should be with his father . ' ' But the family has overcome steep obstacles before . Long before Elian thrust them into the unrelenting glare of the international spotlight , the Gonzalez clan was a typical example of the conflicts and painful separations wrought by the Cuban revolution . Of those who stayed in Cuba , Juan Miguel 's father , Juan Gonzalez , seems the most closely allied with the Cuban government . ` ` Cubans value their families above almost anything , but the post-1959 politics have managed to split thousands of families apart , ' ' he said . For decades , Cuban Americans in Miami were largely cut off from the families they left behind . Labeled ` ` worms ' ' and ` ` traitors ' ' by Castro , many were n't able to speak to _ much less visit By some estimates , the 700,000 Cubans living in South Florida _ and elsewhere in the United States _ send $ 1 billion a year in remittances back to their families on the island . But there has been at least one attempt at a resolution . The day before last Tuesday 's federal court hearing , Manuel went to Lazaro 's home to try to work out their differences . ` ` He 's a strong man , ' ' said Jeffrey Leving . 	answer: negative
event: Smart homes ' ' bringing a wealth of information and entertainment to families over telecommunications lines starts before where Net / virtual relationships fast becoming parallel with the normal human relationships story: The Internet , the global network of computers , is now far reaching into the country - extending its embrace to include every nook and cranny of the nation - opening doors to not only a diverse range of information sources but also an exhaustive list of possibilities to create new applications which add value to people 's lives . In the business world , the Internet - through intranet and extranet solutions - has become an invaluable tool for companies to harness so as to gain a competitive edge . The solutions are also vital components in developing the borderless marketing flagship application which is a vital element for spearheading the development of the Multimedia Super Corridor ( MSC ) project . However , it is important to note that installing or implementing Internet technologies for technology 's sake would not ensure instant success . Intranets , through the use of Internet technology , are positioned as a platform for companies to optimise , expand and transform new channels of business . When strategically implemented , an intranet solution will provide the ability to mediate mission - critical , decision support functions in organisations . It will also help further improve communications and collaboration at all levels in an organisation . Other than usage in business , Internet technology is also beginning to infiltrate the lifestyle domain . The art of socialising is also experiencing a change where Net / virtual relationships are fast overtaking or  becoming parallel with the normal human relationships . All in all , the Internet has a lot to offer . 	answer: positive
event: Smart homes ' ' bringing a wealth of information and entertainment to families over telecommunications lines starts after where Net / virtual relationships fast becoming parallel with the normal human relationships story: The Internet , the global network of computers , is now far reaching into the country - extending its embrace to include every nook and cranny of the nation - opening doors to not only a diverse range of information sources but also an exhaustive list of possibilities to create new applications which add value to people 's lives . In the business world , the Internet - through intranet and extranet solutions - has become an invaluable tool for companies to harness so as to gain a competitive edge . The solutions are also vital components in developing the borderless marketing flagship application which is a vital element for spearheading the development of the Multimedia Super Corridor ( MSC ) project . However , it is important to note that installing or implementing Internet technologies for technology 's sake would not ensure instant success . Intranets , through the use of Internet technology , are positioned as a platform for companies to optimise , expand and transform new channels of business . When strategically implemented , an intranet solution will provide the ability to mediate mission - critical , decision support functions in organisations . It will also help further improve communications and collaboration at all levels in an organisation . Other than usage in business , Internet technology is also beginning to infiltrate the lifestyle domain . The art of socialising is also experiencing a change where Net / virtual relationships are fast overtaking or  becoming parallel with the normal human relationships . All in all , the Internet has a lot to offer . 	answer: negative
event: how the assailant could emerged from the woods without fearing he would be seen carrying a rifle starts after the doctor 's killer unearthed the weapon to fire the fatal shots story: Kopp , a fugitive , has until now been described only as a material witness and a nationwide warrant had been issued so that he could be held for questioning . There was no official confirmation of the decision to upgrade the warrant , but Denise O'Donnell , the U.S. attorney for the Western District of New York in Buffalo , has scheduled a news conference Thursday to announce a ` ` major development ' ' in the Slepian murder investigation . Erie County District Attorney Frank Clark , Bernard Tolbert , the special FBI agent in charge of the Buffalo office , and other investigators will also be there . Slepian , a 52-year - old obstetrician and gynecologist who was the mainstay of Buffalo 's only abortion clinic , was shot to death on the night of Oct. 23 as he stood in the kitchen of his home in suburban Amherst , N.Y. chatting with his wife and one of his four sons . But on April 8 , investigators , wondering how the assailant could have  emerged from the woods without fearing he would be seen carrying a rifle , searched the site of the shooting once more and unearthed a rifle buried one foot below ground 200 feet behind the Slepian home . The 44-year - old Kopp , who in FBI photographs appears as gaunt and scruffily bearded and whose last known addresses were in Vermont and New Jersey , emerged as the focus of the investigation within two weeks of the slaying . 	answer: positive
event: how the assailant could emerged from the woods without fearing he would be seen carrying a rifle starts before the doctor 's killer unearthed the weapon to fire the fatal shots story: Kopp , a fugitive , has until now been described only as a material witness and a nationwide warrant had been issued so that he could be held for questioning . There was no official confirmation of the decision to upgrade the warrant , but Denise O'Donnell , the U.S. attorney for the Western District of New York in Buffalo , has scheduled a news conference Thursday to announce a ` ` major development ' ' in the Slepian murder investigation . Erie County District Attorney Frank Clark , Bernard Tolbert , the special FBI agent in charge of the Buffalo office , and other investigators will also be there . Slepian , a 52-year - old obstetrician and gynecologist who was the mainstay of Buffalo 's only abortion clinic , was shot to death on the night of Oct. 23 as he stood in the kitchen of his home in suburban Amherst , N.Y. chatting with his wife and one of his four sons . But on April 8 , investigators , wondering how the assailant could have  emerged from the woods without fearing he would be seen carrying a rifle , searched the site of the shooting once more and unearthed a rifle buried one foot below ground 200 feet behind the Slepian home . The 44-year - old Kopp , who in FBI photographs appears as gaunt and scruffily bearded and whose last known addresses were in Vermont and New Jersey , emerged as the focus of the investigation within two weeks of the slaying . 	answer: negative
event: Similar events held all day in the capital and across the island starts after In Old Havana hundreds of children marched around the Parque Central chanting ` ` We will save Elian ! ' ' A small group of girls wore construction paper handcuffs -- an apparent reference to the government 's characterization of Elian 's retention in the United States as a ` ` kidnapping story: He placed the blame on Lazaro Rafael Munero , who apparently organized the ill - fated journey on which Elian 's mother Elisabeth Brotons and 10 other people -- including Munero -- died . ` ` The mother was practically kidnapped along with the boy ' ' to make the late - November trip , Castro said . The Cuban leader said Elian had been especially loved by his parents because the mother had earlier suffered seven miscarriages . ' Fidel Castro 's government has been using such traditional political events -- along with other rallies almost every day -- to draw attention to the case of Elian , who was rescued Nov. 25 while clinging to an inner tube . His mother and 10 others died at sea while trying to reach the United States . But Elian 's paternal great - uncle in the United States , backed by the anti - Castro Cuban American National Foundation , is fighting in the courts to keep the boy in Miami . Cuba kept up its condemnation of the handling of Wednesday 's meeting between Elian and his grandmothers at the home of a Roman Catholic nun in Miami Beach , It offered more details and criticisms of the perceived treatment that Elian 's grandmothers , Mariela Quintana and Raquel Rodriguez , received from O'Laughlin , the Miami relatives and other anti - Castro Cubans during the encounter . In an interview with the Spanish language broadcast of CNN , Elian 's father also criticized how the meeting was handled . He repeated charges that his relatives and others in Miami had offered him money to stay in the United States with his son . 	answer: positive
event: Similar events held all day in the capital and across the island starts before In Old Havana hundreds of children marched around the Parque Central chanting ` ` We will save Elian ! ' ' A small group of girls wore construction paper handcuffs -- an apparent reference to the government 's characterization of Elian 's retention in the United States as a ` ` kidnapping story: He placed the blame on Lazaro Rafael Munero , who apparently organized the ill - fated journey on which Elian 's mother Elisabeth Brotons and 10 other people -- including Munero -- died . ` ` The mother was practically kidnapped along with the boy ' ' to make the late - November trip , Castro said . The Cuban leader said Elian had been especially loved by his parents because the mother had earlier suffered seven miscarriages . ' Fidel Castro 's government has been using such traditional political events -- along with other rallies almost every day -- to draw attention to the case of Elian , who was rescued Nov. 25 while clinging to an inner tube . His mother and 10 others died at sea while trying to reach the United States . But Elian 's paternal great - uncle in the United States , backed by the anti - Castro Cuban American National Foundation , is fighting in the courts to keep the boy in Miami . Cuba kept up its condemnation of the handling of Wednesday 's meeting between Elian and his grandmothers at the home of a Roman Catholic nun in Miami Beach , It offered more details and criticisms of the perceived treatment that Elian 's grandmothers , Mariela Quintana and Raquel Rodriguez , received from O'Laughlin , the Miami relatives and other anti - Castro Cubans during the encounter . In an interview with the Spanish language broadcast of CNN , Elian 's father also criticized how the meeting was handled . He repeated charges that his relatives and others in Miami had offered him money to stay in the United States with his son . 	answer: negative
event: Sununu lamented that " the noose is tightening around my neck , and I need your help starts after the president 's son met with Sununu last week after holding a series of conversations about the structure of the White House staff and of the campaign with other Bush loyalists and GOP activists story: One of President Bush 's sons has informed White House Chief of Staff John Sununu that he has lost much of his support among Republicans , prompting an intense effort by Sununu to hold on to his job by demonstrating his GOP backing , White House and Republican sources said Monday . The message to the chief of staff was meant to be taken as a suggestion that Sununu offer to resign , one highly placed source said . Instead , Sununu sought to prove to the president that his supporters outnumber his critics and that he should remain in his post . One GOP source , reporting on a call from the chief of staff to a Republican leader , said Sununu  lamented that " the noose is tightening around my neck , and I need your help . " Another highly placed source said the president 's son  met with Sununu last week after holding a series of conversations about the structure of the White House staff and of the campaign with other Bush loyalists and GOP activists . The source said the younger Bush " sketched out for Sununu " problems the president is encountering because of the chief of staff 's tenure . " He was told ... the handwriting was on the wall , " the source said Monday . That , the source said , was when Sununu started calling congressional Republicans and asking them to tell Bush that the conservative wing of the party , in particular , would object if he were fired . A source said the outcome of that session was unclear . 	answer: positive
event: Sununu lamented that " the noose is tightening around my neck , and I need your help starts before the president 's son met with Sununu last week after holding a series of conversations about the structure of the White House staff and of the campaign with other Bush loyalists and GOP activists story: One of President Bush 's sons has informed White House Chief of Staff John Sununu that he has lost much of his support among Republicans , prompting an intense effort by Sununu to hold on to his job by demonstrating his GOP backing , White House and Republican sources said Monday . The message to the chief of staff was meant to be taken as a suggestion that Sununu offer to resign , one highly placed source said . Instead , Sununu sought to prove to the president that his supporters outnumber his critics and that he should remain in his post . One GOP source , reporting on a call from the chief of staff to a Republican leader , said Sununu  lamented that " the noose is tightening around my neck , and I need your help . " Another highly placed source said the president 's son  met with Sununu last week after holding a series of conversations about the structure of the White House staff and of the campaign with other Bush loyalists and GOP activists . The source said the younger Bush " sketched out for Sununu " problems the president is encountering because of the chief of staff 's tenure . " He was told ... the handwriting was on the wall , " the source said Monday . That , the source said , was when Sununu started calling congressional Republicans and asking them to tell Bush that the conservative wing of the party , in particular , would object if he were fired . A source said the outcome of that session was unclear . 	answer: negative
event: It allows us to spread his name far and wide across Canada and say that he is wanted for attempted murder starts before It allows us to spread his name far and wide across Canada and say that he is wanted for attempted murder said police Inspector Dave Bowen story: HAMILTON ( AP ) -- Canadian authorities issued a nationwide arrest warrant Monday for James Charles Kopp , a U.S. fugitive on the FBI 's most wanted list for an alleged anti - abortion murder . The Canadian warrant issued Monday charged Kopp with attempted murder in the 1995 shooting of Dr. Hugh Short , who was wounded in the elbow but survived the attack at his home in Ancaster , Ontario . Kopp , who is from Vermont , was indicted last year in the October 1998 shooting death of Dr. Barnet Slepian , an obstetrician in Buffalo , New York . He also is wanted in connection with the shooting of doctors in Winnipeg , Vancouver and Rochester , New York . Slepian was killed by a single gunshot fired from a wooded area through a window of his home . Kopp purports to be a devout Roman Catholic , and the majority of jobs he has held over the past 20 years have been related to the anti - abortion movement , the U.S. Justice Department said last year . He has been arrested more than a dozen times during abortion protests in seven states and Italy . The FBI says Kopp has used 29 aliases . He was the 456th person to be placed on the FBI 's most wanted list , which began in 1950 . Since then , 427 fugitives have been taken into custody or located , 133 of them as a result of citizen assistance , the FBI said . A total of $ 650,000 is being offered in the United States for information leading to Kopp 's arrest . 	answer: positive
event: It allows us to spread his name far and wide across Canada and say that he is wanted for attempted murder starts after It allows us to spread his name far and wide across Canada and say that he is wanted for attempted murder said police Inspector Dave Bowen story: HAMILTON ( AP ) -- Canadian authorities issued a nationwide arrest warrant Monday for James Charles Kopp , a U.S. fugitive on the FBI 's most wanted list for an alleged anti - abortion murder . The Canadian warrant issued Monday charged Kopp with attempted murder in the 1995 shooting of Dr. Hugh Short , who was wounded in the elbow but survived the attack at his home in Ancaster , Ontario . Kopp , who is from Vermont , was indicted last year in the October 1998 shooting death of Dr. Barnet Slepian , an obstetrician in Buffalo , New York . He also is wanted in connection with the shooting of doctors in Winnipeg , Vancouver and Rochester , New York . Slepian was killed by a single gunshot fired from a wooded area through a window of his home . Kopp purports to be a devout Roman Catholic , and the majority of jobs he has held over the past 20 years have been related to the anti - abortion movement , the U.S. Justice Department said last year . He has been arrested more than a dozen times during abortion protests in seven states and Italy . The FBI says Kopp has used 29 aliases . He was the 456th person to be placed on the FBI 's most wanted list , which began in 1950 . Since then , 427 fugitives have been taken into custody or located , 133 of them as a result of citizen assistance , the FBI said . A total of $ 650,000 is being offered in the United States for information leading to Kopp 's arrest . 	answer: negative
event: the man 's dismembered and decapitated body wrapped in plastic garbage bags starts before Police confirmed Friday that the body found along a highway in this municipality 15 miles south of San Juan belonged to Jorge Hernandez , 49 story: CAGUAS , Puerto Rico ( AP ) _ Kidnappers kept their promise to kill a store owner they took hostage and police found the man 's dismembered and decapitated body Friday  wrapped in plastic garbage bags . Police  confirmed Friday that the body found along a highway in this municipality 15 miles south of San Juan belonged to Jorge Hernandez , 49 . Hernandez was kidnapped from his small , neighborhood store in the town of Trujillo Alto at 10 p.m. Wednesday , police said . His kidnappers demanded a ransom of dlrs 1 million , but negotiations broke off at noon Thursday . Police gave no details about the negotiations with the kidnappers for the return of Hernandez . The store owner 's body was found with the arms and head cut off and the parts stuffed in separate garbage bags . A passerby called police to report the body alongside the road . Puerto Rico Police Superintendent Pedro Toledo urged people who might be targeted by kidnappers to be alert . ` ` There has been an increase in Puerto Rico in this kind of thing and some of these bands of kidnappers are made up of foreigners , ' ' Toledo said . While some Latin American countries such as Mexico and Colombia have suffered from a rash of kidnappings in recent years , the crime has not been common in this U.S. commonwealth . 	answer: positive
event: the man 's dismembered and decapitated body wrapped in plastic garbage bags starts after Police confirmed Friday that the body found along a highway in this municipality 15 miles south of San Juan belonged to Jorge Hernandez , 49 story: CAGUAS , Puerto Rico ( AP ) _ Kidnappers kept their promise to kill a store owner they took hostage and police found the man 's dismembered and decapitated body Friday  wrapped in plastic garbage bags . Police  confirmed Friday that the body found along a highway in this municipality 15 miles south of San Juan belonged to Jorge Hernandez , 49 . Hernandez was kidnapped from his small , neighborhood store in the town of Trujillo Alto at 10 p.m. Wednesday , police said . His kidnappers demanded a ransom of dlrs 1 million , but negotiations broke off at noon Thursday . Police gave no details about the negotiations with the kidnappers for the return of Hernandez . The store owner 's body was found with the arms and head cut off and the parts stuffed in separate garbage bags . A passerby called police to report the body alongside the road . Puerto Rico Police Superintendent Pedro Toledo urged people who might be targeted by kidnappers to be alert . ` ` There has been an increase in Puerto Rico in this kind of thing and some of these bands of kidnappers are made up of foreigners , ' ' Toledo said . While some Latin American countries such as Mexico and Colombia have suffered from a rash of kidnappings in recent years , the crime has not been common in this U.S. commonwealth . 	answer: negative
event: two fireballs go down to the , to the water starts before At one point when it became clear controllers could not contact the plane someone said a prayer story: In Washington today , the Federal Aviation Administration released air traffic control tapes from the night the TWA Flight eight hundred went down . There 's nothing new on why the plane exploded , but you can not miss the moment . ABC 's Lisa Stark has more . There was no hint of trouble in the last conversation between controllers and TWA pilot Steven Snyder TWA eight hundred climb maintain one five thousand . TWA 's eight hundred heavy climb and maintain one five thousand leavin- three thousand . But a minute and a half later , a pilot from a nearby flight calls in . Ah , we just saw an explosion up ahead of us here about sixteen thousand feet or something like that . It just went down . The controller at Boston center tries to raise TWA eight hundred . TWA eight hundred , if you hear center , ident . There is no response . Later , the controller asks the Eastwind pilot for more details . Ah yes , sir . It- It just blew up in the air , and then we saw two fireballs  go down to the , to the water , and there was a big small , ah , smoke , from ah , coming up from that . At one point , when it became clear controllers could not contact the plane , someone  said a prayer . TWA eight hundred center , I think that was him . I think so . God bless him . Lisa Stark ABC news Washington 	answer: positive
event: two fireballs go down to the , to the water starts after At one point when it became clear controllers could not contact the plane someone said a prayer story: In Washington today , the Federal Aviation Administration released air traffic control tapes from the night the TWA Flight eight hundred went down . There 's nothing new on why the plane exploded , but you can not miss the moment . ABC 's Lisa Stark has more . There was no hint of trouble in the last conversation between controllers and TWA pilot Steven Snyder TWA eight hundred climb maintain one five thousand . TWA 's eight hundred heavy climb and maintain one five thousand leavin- three thousand . But a minute and a half later , a pilot from a nearby flight calls in . Ah , we just saw an explosion up ahead of us here about sixteen thousand feet or something like that . It just went down . The controller at Boston center tries to raise TWA eight hundred . TWA eight hundred , if you hear center , ident . There is no response . Later , the controller asks the Eastwind pilot for more details . Ah yes , sir . It- It just blew up in the air , and then we saw two fireballs  go down to the , to the water , and there was a big small , ah , smoke , from ah , coming up from that . At one point , when it became clear controllers could not contact the plane , someone  said a prayer . TWA eight hundred center , I think that was him . I think so . God bless him . Lisa Stark ABC news Washington 	answer: negative
event: the bugs which cause the chip to give wrong answers for some mathematical calculations starts before International Business Machines Corp. and Compaq Computer Corp. say the bugs will delay products story: On Friday , Intel began notifying customers about the bugs which  cause the chip to give wrong answers for some mathematical calculations . " These bugs do n't affect our schedule at all , " he said . Most of Compaq 's decline is being attributed to a third - quarter earnings report that came in at the low end of analysts ' expectations . Intel said it had corrected the problems and would start producing bugless chips next week . The reason this is getting so much visibility is that some started shipping and announced early availability , " said Hewlett - Packard 's Mr. Archuleta . " but you 're taking a risk . An IBM spokeswoman said the company told customers Monday about the bugs and temporarily stopped shipping the product . That 's a break from Compaq tradition , because the company does n't announce products until they 're actually at the dealers . The problem is being ballyhooed , experts say , because the 486 is Intel 's future flagship . Intel clocks the chip 's speed at 15 million instructions per second , or MIPs . Machines using the 486 are expected to challenge higher - priced work stations and minicomputers in applications such as so - called servers , which connect groups of computers together , and in computer - aided design . The 486 is the descendant of a long series of Intel chips that began dominating the market ever since IBM picked the 16-bit 8088 chip for its first personal computer . The 486 is going to have a big impact on the industry , " said Hewlett - Packard 's Mr. Archuleta . Andy Zipser in Dallas contributed to this article . 	answer: positive
event: the bugs which cause the chip to give wrong answers for some mathematical calculations starts after International Business Machines Corp. and Compaq Computer Corp. say the bugs will delay products story: On Friday , Intel began notifying customers about the bugs which  cause the chip to give wrong answers for some mathematical calculations . " These bugs do n't affect our schedule at all , " he said . Most of Compaq 's decline is being attributed to a third - quarter earnings report that came in at the low end of analysts ' expectations . Intel said it had corrected the problems and would start producing bugless chips next week . The reason this is getting so much visibility is that some started shipping and announced early availability , " said Hewlett - Packard 's Mr. Archuleta . " but you 're taking a risk . An IBM spokeswoman said the company told customers Monday about the bugs and temporarily stopped shipping the product . That 's a break from Compaq tradition , because the company does n't announce products until they 're actually at the dealers . The problem is being ballyhooed , experts say , because the 486 is Intel 's future flagship . Intel clocks the chip 's speed at 15 million instructions per second , or MIPs . Machines using the 486 are expected to challenge higher - priced work stations and minicomputers in applications such as so - called servers , which connect groups of computers together , and in computer - aided design . The 486 is the descendant of a long series of Intel chips that began dominating the market ever since IBM picked the 16-bit 8088 chip for its first personal computer . The 486 is going to have a big impact on the industry , " said Hewlett - Packard 's Mr. Archuleta . Andy Zipser in Dallas contributed to this article . 	answer: negative
event: Charles Keating defraud thousands of investors who bought high risk junk bonds sold by Keating 's employees at Lincoln savings and loan starts before The bonds became worthless when the bankrupt thrift was seized by government regulators story: Former savings and loan chief , Charles Keating , is facing more legal troubles in California . A federal appeals court has reinstated his state convictions for securities fraud . NPR 's Elaine Corey has more from San Francisco . In nineteen ninety - one Charles Keating was convicted in state court of helping to  defraud thousands of investors who bought high risk junk bonds sold by Keating 's employees at Lincoln savings and loan . The bonds  became worthless when the bankrupt thrift was seized by government regulators . Keating 's convictions were thrown out in nineteen ninety - six on a technicality . And on that basis Keating was released from prison before he was eligible for parole . Now the ninth US circuit court of appeals has ruled that the original appeal was flawed since it brought up issues that had not been raised before . That means the convictions stand , a ruling likely to send Keating 's lawyers back to state court where they must start over with a new appeal . Elaine Corey , NPR news , San Francisco . 	answer: positive
event: Charles Keating defraud thousands of investors who bought high risk junk bonds sold by Keating 's employees at Lincoln savings and loan starts after The bonds became worthless when the bankrupt thrift was seized by government regulators story: Former savings and loan chief , Charles Keating , is facing more legal troubles in California . A federal appeals court has reinstated his state convictions for securities fraud . NPR 's Elaine Corey has more from San Francisco . In nineteen ninety - one Charles Keating was convicted in state court of helping to  defraud thousands of investors who bought high risk junk bonds sold by Keating 's employees at Lincoln savings and loan . The bonds  became worthless when the bankrupt thrift was seized by government regulators . Keating 's convictions were thrown out in nineteen ninety - six on a technicality . And on that basis Keating was released from prison before he was eligible for parole . Now the ninth US circuit court of appeals has ruled that the original appeal was flawed since it brought up issues that had not been raised before . That means the convictions stand , a ruling likely to send Keating 's lawyers back to state court where they must start over with a new appeal . Elaine Corey , NPR news , San Francisco . 	answer: negative
event: sources quoted by the Miami Herald starts after Munero only jailed for several months story: Castro 's remarks to a conference of economists were aimed at those who say that Elian should remain in the United States because his mother sacrificed his life to take her to ` ` freedom , ' ' a vision he called a cliche . Earlier Friday , Cuba 's communist government celebrated the birth of independence hero Jose Marti on Friday with rallies calling for the return of Elian Gonzalez , the ` ` boy martyr ' ' at the center of an international custody battle . The commemorations were similar to those held here annually for Marti , the revolutionary and poet who fought for Cuba 's independence from Spain in 1898 . In Old Havana , hundreds of children marched around the Parque Central chanting ` ` We will save Elian ! ' ' A small group of girls wore construction paper handcuffs -- an apparent reference to the government 's characterization of Elian 's retention in the United States as a ` ` kidnapping . ' ' Fidel Castro 's government has been using such traditional political events -- along with other rallies almost every day -- to draw attention to the case of Elian , who was rescued Nov. 25 while clinging to an inner tube . For the past two months , Elian 's father has demanded that the boy be returned to him in Cuba , and the U.S. government has said that father and son should be reunited . He repeated charges that his relatives and others in Miami had offered him money to stay in the United States with his son . ` ` What is important for me is that they return the boy to me as soon as possible . ' 	answer: positive
event: sources quoted by the Miami Herald starts before Munero only jailed for several months story: Castro 's remarks to a conference of economists were aimed at those who say that Elian should remain in the United States because his mother sacrificed his life to take her to ` ` freedom , ' ' a vision he called a cliche . Earlier Friday , Cuba 's communist government celebrated the birth of independence hero Jose Marti on Friday with rallies calling for the return of Elian Gonzalez , the ` ` boy martyr ' ' at the center of an international custody battle . The commemorations were similar to those held here annually for Marti , the revolutionary and poet who fought for Cuba 's independence from Spain in 1898 . In Old Havana , hundreds of children marched around the Parque Central chanting ` ` We will save Elian ! ' ' A small group of girls wore construction paper handcuffs -- an apparent reference to the government 's characterization of Elian 's retention in the United States as a ` ` kidnapping . ' ' Fidel Castro 's government has been using such traditional political events -- along with other rallies almost every day -- to draw attention to the case of Elian , who was rescued Nov. 25 while clinging to an inner tube . For the past two months , Elian 's father has demanded that the boy be returned to him in Cuba , and the U.S. government has said that father and son should be reunited . He repeated charges that his relatives and others in Miami had offered him money to stay in the United States with his son . ` ` What is important for me is that they return the boy to me as soon as possible . ' 	answer: negative
event: The man who hurled a grenade at security guards at the U.S. embassy here seconds before the bomb exploded starts before Local sources said that the plan of bombing U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania took three months to complete and bombers destined for Kenya were dispatched through Somalia and Rwanda story: This is an investigation proceeding on many fronts , " said Freeh at a press conference at the Jomo Kenyatta airport before returning home . " He said he can not confirm there is any evidence linking the bomb blasts at the U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania to the Saudi millionaire and the allegedly main sponsor of anti - U.S. terrorism , Osama Bin Laden , who now lives in Afghanistan . " After touring Tanzanian capital Dar es Salaam Thursday and meeting with Kenyan police leaders Friday morning , the FBI chief also said that he is very satisfied with the close and effective cooperation among the FBI agents and the police in Kenya and Tanzania . The man who  hurled a grenade at security guards at the U.S. embassy here seconds before the bomb exploded was positively identified Thursday as two more suspects -- one Arab , one Sudanese -- who had been arrested , Kenya 's national newspapers reported Friday . Local sources  said that the plan of bombing U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania took three months to complete and bombers destined for Kenya were dispatched through Somalia and Rwanda . A senior government official who saw the confessions of suspects was quoted Friday by local media as saying that an Egyptian Islamic Jihad group , linked with Laden , planned the attacks . The car bomb attack at the U.S. embassy in Nairobi killed 253 people and injured 5,000 others . A nearly simultaneous car bombing outside the U.S. embassy in Tanzania killed 10 people and wounded about 70 others . Earlier , the U.S. 's demand for Laden 's extradition from Afghanistan has been refused by the Taliban government . 	answer: positive
event: The man who hurled a grenade at security guards at the U.S. embassy here seconds before the bomb exploded starts after Local sources said that the plan of bombing U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania took three months to complete and bombers destined for Kenya were dispatched through Somalia and Rwanda story: This is an investigation proceeding on many fronts , " said Freeh at a press conference at the Jomo Kenyatta airport before returning home . " He said he can not confirm there is any evidence linking the bomb blasts at the U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania to the Saudi millionaire and the allegedly main sponsor of anti - U.S. terrorism , Osama Bin Laden , who now lives in Afghanistan . " After touring Tanzanian capital Dar es Salaam Thursday and meeting with Kenyan police leaders Friday morning , the FBI chief also said that he is very satisfied with the close and effective cooperation among the FBI agents and the police in Kenya and Tanzania . The man who  hurled a grenade at security guards at the U.S. embassy here seconds before the bomb exploded was positively identified Thursday as two more suspects -- one Arab , one Sudanese -- who had been arrested , Kenya 's national newspapers reported Friday . Local sources  said that the plan of bombing U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania took three months to complete and bombers destined for Kenya were dispatched through Somalia and Rwanda . A senior government official who saw the confessions of suspects was quoted Friday by local media as saying that an Egyptian Islamic Jihad group , linked with Laden , planned the attacks . The car bomb attack at the U.S. embassy in Nairobi killed 253 people and injured 5,000 others . A nearly simultaneous car bombing outside the U.S. embassy in Tanzania killed 10 people and wounded about 70 others . Earlier , the U.S. 's demand for Laden 's extradition from Afghanistan has been refused by the Taliban government . 	answer: negative
event: Valley Federal also added $ 18 million to realestate loan reserves starts before The thrift said that " after these charges and assuming no dramatic fluctuation in interest rates , the association expects to achieve near record earnings in 1990 story: Valley Federal Savings amp Loan Association took an $ 89.9 million charge as it reported a third - quarter loss of $ 70.7 million , or $ 12.09 a share . The Van Nuys , Calif. , thrift had net income of $ 132,000 , or three cents a share , a year ago . The bulk of the pretax charge is a $ 62 million write - off of capitalized servicing at the mobile home financing subsidiary , which the company said had been a big drain on earnings . The company said the one - time provision would substantially eliminate all future losses at the unit . Valley Federal also  added $ 18 million to realestate loan reserves and eliminated $ 9.9 million of good will . The thrift  said that " after these charges and assuming no dramatic fluctuation in interest rates , the association expects to achieve near record earnings in 1990 . " Valley Federal is currently being examined by regulators . New loans continue to slow ; they were $ 6.6 million in the quarter compared with $ 361.8 million a year ago . The thrift has assets of $ 3.2 billion . 	answer: positive
event: Valley Federal also added $ 18 million to realestate loan reserves starts after The thrift said that " after these charges and assuming no dramatic fluctuation in interest rates , the association expects to achieve near record earnings in 1990 story: Valley Federal Savings amp Loan Association took an $ 89.9 million charge as it reported a third - quarter loss of $ 70.7 million , or $ 12.09 a share . The Van Nuys , Calif. , thrift had net income of $ 132,000 , or three cents a share , a year ago . The bulk of the pretax charge is a $ 62 million write - off of capitalized servicing at the mobile home financing subsidiary , which the company said had been a big drain on earnings . The company said the one - time provision would substantially eliminate all future losses at the unit . Valley Federal also  added $ 18 million to realestate loan reserves and eliminated $ 9.9 million of good will . The thrift  said that " after these charges and assuming no dramatic fluctuation in interest rates , the association expects to achieve near record earnings in 1990 . " Valley Federal is currently being examined by regulators . New loans continue to slow ; they were $ 6.6 million in the quarter compared with $ 361.8 million a year ago . The thrift has assets of $ 3.2 billion . 	answer: negative
event: the years that followed starts after In the years that followed the guerrilla fighters waged war on the troops of dictator Fulgencio Batista declaring victory on Jan. 1 , 1959 when Batista fled the country story: HAVANA ( AP ) -- Tens of thousands of people paid tribute to the men who launched the Cuban Revolution more than four decades ago in a rally Saturday demanding the return of Elian Gonzalez . With the historic yacht Granma towering behind him , Raul Castro , younger brother of President Fidel Castro and head of Cuba 's Revolutionary Armed Forces , likened the revolutionary battle to the fight for Elian , the 6-year - old boy at the center of an international custody battle . ' ' Here , no one gives up ! ' ' Castro declared . In the years that  followed , the guerrilla fighters  waged war on the troops of dictator Fulgencio Batista , declaring victory on Jan. 1 , 1959 when Batista fled the country . As a father and the grandfather of eight children -- including a boy who just turned 6 , the same age as Elian -- Castro said he sympathized with the little boy 's father , Juan Miguel Gonzalez . Gonzalez has cited his rights as the child 's sole surviving parent in his calls for his boy to be returned to him in communist Cuba . Elian 's mother and 10 others perished when their boat sank off the coast of Florida in late November during a crossing from Cuba to the United States . ' ' Castro said to cheers . ' ' And our struggle will not end with the return of Elian , ' ' added Castro . He said the Cuban people would continue to protest American laws and policies aimed at Cuba , including a four - decade economic embargo and continued U.S. military presence at the Guantanamo Naval Station on the easternmost end of the island . 	answer: positive
event: the years that followed starts before In the years that followed the guerrilla fighters waged war on the troops of dictator Fulgencio Batista declaring victory on Jan. 1 , 1959 when Batista fled the country story: HAVANA ( AP ) -- Tens of thousands of people paid tribute to the men who launched the Cuban Revolution more than four decades ago in a rally Saturday demanding the return of Elian Gonzalez . With the historic yacht Granma towering behind him , Raul Castro , younger brother of President Fidel Castro and head of Cuba 's Revolutionary Armed Forces , likened the revolutionary battle to the fight for Elian , the 6-year - old boy at the center of an international custody battle . ' ' Here , no one gives up ! ' ' Castro declared . In the years that  followed , the guerrilla fighters  waged war on the troops of dictator Fulgencio Batista , declaring victory on Jan. 1 , 1959 when Batista fled the country . As a father and the grandfather of eight children -- including a boy who just turned 6 , the same age as Elian -- Castro said he sympathized with the little boy 's father , Juan Miguel Gonzalez . Gonzalez has cited his rights as the child 's sole surviving parent in his calls for his boy to be returned to him in communist Cuba . Elian 's mother and 10 others perished when their boat sank off the coast of Florida in late November during a crossing from Cuba to the United States . ' ' Castro said to cheers . ' ' And our struggle will not end with the return of Elian , ' ' added Castro . He said the Cuban people would continue to protest American laws and policies aimed at Cuba , including a four - decade economic embargo and continued U.S. military presence at the Guantanamo Naval Station on the easternmost end of the island . 	answer: negative
event: On Tuesday the National Abortion and Reproductive Rights Action League plans to hold a news conference to screen a television advertisement _ made last week , before Slepian died _ featuring Emily Lyons , a nurse who was badly wounded earlier this year in the bombing of an abortion clinic in Alabama starts after a television advertisement made last week before Slepian died story: No suspects have been identified . Even before the killing , Schumer was tyring to draw more attention to the anti - abortion record of his opponent , Senator Alfonse D'Amato , a Republican who is also running on the Right to Life Party line . Slepian 's death was among the first topics raised in Saturday night 's debate between the two men , and it was instantly followed by a question to D'Amato on whether he opposed first - trimester abortions for adult women . The advertisement , said Kelli Conlin , the executive director of the New York State affiliate of Naral , is intended to spotlight D'Amato 's vote against the 1994 Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act , which Schumer sponsored . Now , Ms. Conlin said , it will have new resonance , and the organization is considering buying more air time . ` ` But sensitivities are so heightened from the shooting in western New York that it 's even more powerful . ' ' David Eichenbaum , a Democratic political consultant who is not working for anyone in this year 's campaign , said abortion ` ` is no longer the driving issue it once was , at least on the pro - choice side . ' ' It brings it home . ' ' But , Isay added , ` ` it heightens the abortion issue . ' ' ` ` Eliot is going to make a huge priority of this , ' ' ` ` Trying to score political points from a homicide can have a backlash , ' ' said Maureen Connelly , a media consultant not working for any candidate in next week 's election . 	answer: positive
event: On Tuesday the National Abortion and Reproductive Rights Action League plans to hold a news conference to screen a television advertisement _ made last week , before Slepian died _ featuring Emily Lyons , a nurse who was badly wounded earlier this year in the bombing of an abortion clinic in Alabama starts before a television advertisement made last week before Slepian died story: No suspects have been identified . Even before the killing , Schumer was tyring to draw more attention to the anti - abortion record of his opponent , Senator Alfonse D'Amato , a Republican who is also running on the Right to Life Party line . Slepian 's death was among the first topics raised in Saturday night 's debate between the two men , and it was instantly followed by a question to D'Amato on whether he opposed first - trimester abortions for adult women . The advertisement , said Kelli Conlin , the executive director of the New York State affiliate of Naral , is intended to spotlight D'Amato 's vote against the 1994 Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act , which Schumer sponsored . Now , Ms. Conlin said , it will have new resonance , and the organization is considering buying more air time . ` ` But sensitivities are so heightened from the shooting in western New York that it 's even more powerful . ' ' David Eichenbaum , a Democratic political consultant who is not working for anyone in this year 's campaign , said abortion ` ` is no longer the driving issue it once was , at least on the pro - choice side . ' ' It brings it home . ' ' But , Isay added , ` ` it heightens the abortion issue . ' ' ` ` Eliot is going to make a huge priority of this , ' ' ` ` Trying to score political points from a homicide can have a backlash , ' ' said Maureen Connelly , a media consultant not working for any candidate in next week 's election . 	answer: negative
event: The Canadian warrant issued Monday starts before It allows us to spread his name far and wide across Canada and say that he is wanted for attempted murder story: HAMILTON ( AP ) -- Canadian authorities issued a nationwide arrest warrant Monday for James Charles Kopp , a U.S. fugitive on the FBI 's most wanted list for an alleged anti - abortion murder . Kopp also is wanted for questioning in at least two other shootings of doctors who performed abortions . The Canadian warrant  issued Monday charged Kopp with attempted murder in the 1995 shooting of Dr. Hugh Short , who was wounded in the elbow but survived the attack at his home in Ancaster , Ontario . ` ` It  allows us to spread his name far and wide across Canada and say that he is wanted for attempted murder , ' ' said police Inspector Dave Bowen . He also is wanted in connection with the shooting of doctors in Winnipeg , Vancouver and Rochester , New York . Slepian was killed by a single gunshot fired from a wooded area through a window of his home . Kopp purports to be a devout Roman Catholic , and the majority of jobs he has held over the past 20 years have been related to the anti - abortion movement , the U.S. Justice Department said last year . He has been arrested more than a dozen times during abortion protests in seven states and Italy . The FBI says Kopp has used 29 aliases . He was the 456th person to be placed on the FBI 's most wanted list , which began in 1950 . Since then , 427 fugitives have been taken into custody or located , 133 of them as a result of citizen assistance , the FBI said . A total of $ 650,000 is being offered in the United States for information leading to Kopp 's arrest . 	answer: positive
event: The Canadian warrant issued Monday starts after It allows us to spread his name far and wide across Canada and say that he is wanted for attempted murder story: HAMILTON ( AP ) -- Canadian authorities issued a nationwide arrest warrant Monday for James Charles Kopp , a U.S. fugitive on the FBI 's most wanted list for an alleged anti - abortion murder . Kopp also is wanted for questioning in at least two other shootings of doctors who performed abortions . The Canadian warrant  issued Monday charged Kopp with attempted murder in the 1995 shooting of Dr. Hugh Short , who was wounded in the elbow but survived the attack at his home in Ancaster , Ontario . ` ` It  allows us to spread his name far and wide across Canada and say that he is wanted for attempted murder , ' ' said police Inspector Dave Bowen . He also is wanted in connection with the shooting of doctors in Winnipeg , Vancouver and Rochester , New York . Slepian was killed by a single gunshot fired from a wooded area through a window of his home . Kopp purports to be a devout Roman Catholic , and the majority of jobs he has held over the past 20 years have been related to the anti - abortion movement , the U.S. Justice Department said last year . He has been arrested more than a dozen times during abortion protests in seven states and Italy . The FBI says Kopp has used 29 aliases . He was the 456th person to be placed on the FBI 's most wanted list , which began in 1950 . Since then , 427 fugitives have been taken into custody or located , 133 of them as a result of citizen assistance , the FBI said . A total of $ 650,000 is being offered in the United States for information leading to Kopp 's arrest . 	answer: negative
event: The doctor 's wife and one of his sons were in the kitchen when the shooting occurred starts before when the shooting occurred story: Additional details of the slaying emerged on Sunday . For the most part , people on both sides of the abortion issue expressed outrage at the shooting . But one abortion opponent , the Rev. Donald Spitz , the founder of Pro - Life Virginia , described Slepian 's killer as a ` ` hero ' ' for ending the physician 's ` ` bloodthirsty practice . ' ' ` ` We as Christians have a responsibility to protect the innocent from being murdered , ' ' Spitz said in a statement released to The Associated Press , ` ` the same way we would want someone to protect us . ' Most other opponents of abortion , however , condemned the shooting and abortion . In his Sunday Mass at St. Patrick 's Cathedral in New York , Cardinal John O'Connor called the murder wrong but he urged those angered by the slaying to be equally angered by abortions . ` ` He called on many of the same people to express outrage at partial birth abortion , which he called the equivalent of infanticide , ' ' Religious leaders in Buffalo also condemned the shooting . but he went on to defend the Church 's opposition to abortion as ` ` respecting of human life in all its forms , especially the most vulnerable . ' She said the rhetoric of the anti - abortion movement has helped lead to violent attacks against abortion providers . ` ` They are the ones who call these doctors murderers . ' ' In Amherst , residents who said they opposed abortion decried the attack and said they hoped the perpetrator was caught . 	answer: positive
event: The doctor 's wife and one of his sons were in the kitchen when the shooting occurred starts after when the shooting occurred story: Additional details of the slaying emerged on Sunday . For the most part , people on both sides of the abortion issue expressed outrage at the shooting . But one abortion opponent , the Rev. Donald Spitz , the founder of Pro - Life Virginia , described Slepian 's killer as a ` ` hero ' ' for ending the physician 's ` ` bloodthirsty practice . ' ' ` ` We as Christians have a responsibility to protect the innocent from being murdered , ' ' Spitz said in a statement released to The Associated Press , ` ` the same way we would want someone to protect us . ' Most other opponents of abortion , however , condemned the shooting and abortion . In his Sunday Mass at St. Patrick 's Cathedral in New York , Cardinal John O'Connor called the murder wrong but he urged those angered by the slaying to be equally angered by abortions . ` ` He called on many of the same people to express outrage at partial birth abortion , which he called the equivalent of infanticide , ' ' Religious leaders in Buffalo also condemned the shooting . but he went on to defend the Church 's opposition to abortion as ` ` respecting of human life in all its forms , especially the most vulnerable . ' She said the rhetoric of the anti - abortion movement has helped lead to violent attacks against abortion providers . ` ` They are the ones who call these doctors murderers . ' ' In Amherst , residents who said they opposed abortion decried the attack and said they hoped the perpetrator was caught . 	answer: negative
event: An Iraqi official speaking on customary condition of anonymity starts before The official said these sites could only be visited by a special team of U.N. monitors and diplomats as laid down by the Feb. 23 accord signed by U.N. Secretary - General Kofi Annan and Iraqi Deputy Prime Minister Tariq Aziz story: BAGHDAD , Iraq ( AP ) _ An American leader of a U.N. weapons inspection team resumed work in Iraq Friday , nearly two months after his team was effectively blocked . Scott Ritter led his team on a 10-hour tour of three suspected weapons sites classified as ` ` sensitive ' ' by the Iraqi authorities , U.N. spokesman Alan Dacey said . ` ` All sites were inspected to the satisfaction of the inspection team and with full cooperation of Iraqi authorities , ' ' Dacey said . Previously the Iraqis have resisted attempts to inspect such quarters . Iraq alleged Ritter was an American spy whose team had a disproportionately high number of Americans and Britons . The official Iraqi News Agency , which gives the daily tally of inspections , did not mention Ritter by name , but said Friday that team no . 225 _ which Ritter heads _ made surprise visits to a number of sites and was assisted by aerial surveillance . The official  said these sites could only be visited by a special team of U.N. monitors and diplomats as laid down by the Feb. 23 accord signed by U.N. Secretary - General Kofi Annan and Iraqi Deputy Prime Minister Tariq Aziz . ` ` We are going to maintain our forces in the region for the foreseeable future , ' ' said spokesman Kenneth Bacon . The U.N.-Iraq accord was worked out by U.N. Secretary - General Kofi Annan , who appointed a retired Indian diplomat on Thursday as his special representative to Iraq . U.N. officials in New York on Friday finished drafting the rules , in consultation with Iraqi diplomats . The procedures are due to go before the Security Council next week . 	answer: positive
event: An Iraqi official speaking on customary condition of anonymity starts after The official said these sites could only be visited by a special team of U.N. monitors and diplomats as laid down by the Feb. 23 accord signed by U.N. Secretary - General Kofi Annan and Iraqi Deputy Prime Minister Tariq Aziz story: BAGHDAD , Iraq ( AP ) _ An American leader of a U.N. weapons inspection team resumed work in Iraq Friday , nearly two months after his team was effectively blocked . Scott Ritter led his team on a 10-hour tour of three suspected weapons sites classified as ` ` sensitive ' ' by the Iraqi authorities , U.N. spokesman Alan Dacey said . ` ` All sites were inspected to the satisfaction of the inspection team and with full cooperation of Iraqi authorities , ' ' Dacey said . Previously the Iraqis have resisted attempts to inspect such quarters . Iraq alleged Ritter was an American spy whose team had a disproportionately high number of Americans and Britons . The official Iraqi News Agency , which gives the daily tally of inspections , did not mention Ritter by name , but said Friday that team no . 225 _ which Ritter heads _ made surprise visits to a number of sites and was assisted by aerial surveillance . The official  said these sites could only be visited by a special team of U.N. monitors and diplomats as laid down by the Feb. 23 accord signed by U.N. Secretary - General Kofi Annan and Iraqi Deputy Prime Minister Tariq Aziz . ` ` We are going to maintain our forces in the region for the foreseeable future , ' ' said spokesman Kenneth Bacon . The U.N.-Iraq accord was worked out by U.N. Secretary - General Kofi Annan , who appointed a retired Indian diplomat on Thursday as his special representative to Iraq . U.N. officials in New York on Friday finished drafting the rules , in consultation with Iraqi diplomats . The procedures are due to go before the Security Council next week . 	answer: negative
event: employees told early this week that numerous staff functions for the personal insurance lines were going to be centralized as a cost - cutting move starts before She said the move would result in a after - tax charge of less than $ 4 million to be spread over the next three quarters story: Xerox Corp. has told employees in its Crum amp Forster personal insurance operations that it is laying off about 300 people , or 25 % of the staff . A spokeswoman for Crum amp Forster said employees were  told early this week that numerous staff functions for the personal insurance lines were going to be centralized as a cost - cutting move . She  said the move would result in a after - tax charge of less than $ 4 million to be spread over the next three quarters . By comparison , for the first nine months , Xerox earned $ 492 million , or $ 4.55 a share , on revenue of $ 12.97 billion . Earnings at Xerox 's financial - services operations actually rose slightly , but that was largely because capital gains at Crum amp Forster offset Hurricane Hugo payments and the reserves set up to cover future payments . Property / casualty insurance has been a tough business in recent quarters , as pricing has been cutthroat and natural disasters such as Hurricane Hugo and the California earthquake have resulted in huge payments . 	answer: positive
event: employees told early this week that numerous staff functions for the personal insurance lines were going to be centralized as a cost - cutting move starts after She said the move would result in a after - tax charge of less than $ 4 million to be spread over the next three quarters story: Xerox Corp. has told employees in its Crum amp Forster personal insurance operations that it is laying off about 300 people , or 25 % of the staff . A spokeswoman for Crum amp Forster said employees were  told early this week that numerous staff functions for the personal insurance lines were going to be centralized as a cost - cutting move . She  said the move would result in a after - tax charge of less than $ 4 million to be spread over the next three quarters . By comparison , for the first nine months , Xerox earned $ 492 million , or $ 4.55 a share , on revenue of $ 12.97 billion . Earnings at Xerox 's financial - services operations actually rose slightly , but that was largely because capital gains at Crum amp Forster offset Hurricane Hugo payments and the reserves set up to cover future payments . Property / casualty insurance has been a tough business in recent quarters , as pricing has been cutthroat and natural disasters such as Hurricane Hugo and the California earthquake have resulted in huge payments . 	answer: negative
event: Andrews Air Force Base Washington where 10 of 12 American victims of the Kenya embassy bombing brought back by Secretary of State Madeleine Albright starts before Clinton said the United States will not retreat from the world because of terrorist attacks story: WASHINGTON , August 13 ( Xinhua ) -- President Bill Clinton Thursday condemned terrorist bomb attacks at U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania and vowed to find the bombers and bring them to justice . " No matter what it takes , we must find those responsible for these evil acts and see that justice is done , " Clinton said at the ceremony marking the return of remains of Americans who were killed in the Kenya embassy bombing . Clinton  said the United States will not retreat from the world because of terrorist attacks . Albright , echoing the president , said the United States would " continue to be present around the world , wherever we have interests to defend . " " We will do all we can to protect our diplomatic and military peoples around the world , " she said . Clinton met with his top aides Wednesday in the White House to assess the situation following the twin bombings at U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania , which have killed more than 250 people and injured over 5,000 , most of them Kenyans and Tanzanians . Twelve Americans were killed in the Kenya embassy bombing . Clinton ordered an assessment of what it would cost to rebuild the embassies in Kenya and Tanzania and the price tag for emergency response teams sent to the two countries . He also asked for a " list of the priorities for improving security for U.S. facilities around the world . " The State Department and the Office of Management and Budget will jointly make the assessments " in the next few days , " and the president will present the report to Congress for more emergency funding . 	answer: positive
event: Andrews Air Force Base Washington where 10 of 12 American victims of the Kenya embassy bombing brought back by Secretary of State Madeleine Albright starts after Clinton said the United States will not retreat from the world because of terrorist attacks story: WASHINGTON , August 13 ( Xinhua ) -- President Bill Clinton Thursday condemned terrorist bomb attacks at U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania and vowed to find the bombers and bring them to justice . " No matter what it takes , we must find those responsible for these evil acts and see that justice is done , " Clinton said at the ceremony marking the return of remains of Americans who were killed in the Kenya embassy bombing . Clinton  said the United States will not retreat from the world because of terrorist attacks . Albright , echoing the president , said the United States would " continue to be present around the world , wherever we have interests to defend . " " We will do all we can to protect our diplomatic and military peoples around the world , " she said . Clinton met with his top aides Wednesday in the White House to assess the situation following the twin bombings at U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania , which have killed more than 250 people and injured over 5,000 , most of them Kenyans and Tanzanians . Twelve Americans were killed in the Kenya embassy bombing . Clinton ordered an assessment of what it would cost to rebuild the embassies in Kenya and Tanzania and the price tag for emergency response teams sent to the two countries . He also asked for a " list of the priorities for improving security for U.S. facilities around the world . " The State Department and the Office of Management and Budget will jointly make the assessments " in the next few days , " and the president will present the report to Congress for more emergency funding . 	answer: negative
event: The Wilmington , Del. , company reported net of $ 547 million , or $ 2.36 a share , which was in line with Wall Street estimates starts after In the year - earlier period the company earned $ 461 million , or $ 1.91 a share story: Du Pont , unlike companies hurt badly by sharp price declines for basic chemicals and plastics , is benefiting from its broad range of businesses . The profit gain was made despite a weakening in the housing market , for which the company is a supplier , and a strengthening in the dollar , which lowers the value of overseas earnings when they are translated into dollars . The Wilmington , Del. , company  reported net of $ 547 million , or $ 2.36 a share , which was in line with Wall Street estimates . In the year - earlier period , the company  earned $ 461 million , or $ 1.91 a share . We have n't benefited the shareholder as much as we need to , " said Edgar Woolard Jr. , Du Pont 's chairman and chief executive officer , in an interview several months before he entered his current position in April . A spokesman for Seagram , the Montreal wine and spirits concern controlled by the Bronfman family , said the company will post additional pretax profit of about $ 33 million a year because of the additional Du Pont dividends . Profit climbed to $ 98 million from $ 71 million in the petroleum segment , as Du Pont 's Conoco Inc. oil company was helped by crude oil prices higher than a year ago and by higher natural gas prices and volume . And profit from polymers dropped to $ 107 million from $ 122 million amid what Du Pont called lower demand and selling prices in certain packaging and industrial markets . The increased dividend will be paid Dec. 14 to holders of record Nov. 15 . 	answer: positive
event: The Wilmington , Del. , company reported net of $ 547 million , or $ 2.36 a share , which was in line with Wall Street estimates starts before In the year - earlier period the company earned $ 461 million , or $ 1.91 a share story: Du Pont , unlike companies hurt badly by sharp price declines for basic chemicals and plastics , is benefiting from its broad range of businesses . The profit gain was made despite a weakening in the housing market , for which the company is a supplier , and a strengthening in the dollar , which lowers the value of overseas earnings when they are translated into dollars . The Wilmington , Del. , company  reported net of $ 547 million , or $ 2.36 a share , which was in line with Wall Street estimates . In the year - earlier period , the company  earned $ 461 million , or $ 1.91 a share . We have n't benefited the shareholder as much as we need to , " said Edgar Woolard Jr. , Du Pont 's chairman and chief executive officer , in an interview several months before he entered his current position in April . A spokesman for Seagram , the Montreal wine and spirits concern controlled by the Bronfman family , said the company will post additional pretax profit of about $ 33 million a year because of the additional Du Pont dividends . Profit climbed to $ 98 million from $ 71 million in the petroleum segment , as Du Pont 's Conoco Inc. oil company was helped by crude oil prices higher than a year ago and by higher natural gas prices and volume . And profit from polymers dropped to $ 107 million from $ 122 million amid what Du Pont called lower demand and selling prices in certain packaging and industrial markets . The increased dividend will be paid Dec. 14 to holders of record Nov. 15 . 	answer: negative
event: the hair was in a packet , with at least two bullets , that was found buried in the ground more than 50 feet from a tree where police believe the sniper stood and fired starts after that buried in the ground more than 50 feet from a tree where police believe the sniper stood and fired story: WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- The first round of DNA tests on the hair at the FBI Laboratory here established a high probability it came from the same person as a hair found in a New Jersey home where James C. Kopp , a 44-year - old anti - abortion protester , lived last year , the official said . The first DNA tests did not exclude a match between the two strands . The FBI is conducting further DNA tests of the hair found outside Dr. Slepian 's home . This more extensive set of tests could enable officials to declare an absolute match between the two hair strands , the first law enforcement official said . ` ` Ultimately , we would need to have a hair taken directly from Kopp himself to establish conclusively the hair from scene is his , ' ' the official added . N.Y. But The Buffalo News reported Friday that the hair  was in a packet , with at least two bullets , that was found  buried in the ground more than 50 feet from a tree where police believe the sniper stood and fired . They believe Kopp was driven to Mexico by a female friend after the shooting , and have a trail of her credit card receipts leading to Mexico , the federal officials have said . In addition , a Customs Service videotape from a border crossing point shows the woman 's car returning from Mexico , these officials said . Kopp 's 1987 Chevrolet Cavalier was discovered last month at Newark , N.J. , International Airport , the FBI said . 	answer: positive
event: the hair was in a packet , with at least two bullets , that was found buried in the ground more than 50 feet from a tree where police believe the sniper stood and fired starts before that buried in the ground more than 50 feet from a tree where police believe the sniper stood and fired story: WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- The first round of DNA tests on the hair at the FBI Laboratory here established a high probability it came from the same person as a hair found in a New Jersey home where James C. Kopp , a 44-year - old anti - abortion protester , lived last year , the official said . The first DNA tests did not exclude a match between the two strands . The FBI is conducting further DNA tests of the hair found outside Dr. Slepian 's home . This more extensive set of tests could enable officials to declare an absolute match between the two hair strands , the first law enforcement official said . ` ` Ultimately , we would need to have a hair taken directly from Kopp himself to establish conclusively the hair from scene is his , ' ' the official added . N.Y. But The Buffalo News reported Friday that the hair  was in a packet , with at least two bullets , that was found  buried in the ground more than 50 feet from a tree where police believe the sniper stood and fired . They believe Kopp was driven to Mexico by a female friend after the shooting , and have a trail of her credit card receipts leading to Mexico , the federal officials have said . In addition , a Customs Service videotape from a border crossing point shows the woman 's car returning from Mexico , these officials said . Kopp 's 1987 Chevrolet Cavalier was discovered last month at Newark , N.J. , International Airport , the FBI said . 	answer: negative
event: In an apparent bid to show flexibility in the campaign to return Elian Gonzalez to Cuba President Fidel Castro said the boy 's father has offered to travel alone today to the United States to pick up his 6-year - old son starts after the boy 's father offered to travel alone today to the United States to pick up his 6-year - old son story: HAVANA ( AP ) -- In an apparent bid to show flexibility in the campaign to return Elian Gonzalez to Cuba , President Fidel Castro  said the boy 's father has  offered to travel alone today to the United States to pick up his 6-year - old son . Gonzalez , the boy 's stepmother , his baby half - brother , a dozen classmates and some adults planned to apply for American visas today at the U.S. Interests Section in Havana , the American mission here . Gonzalez said he would go get his son alone if U.S. authorities promised they would turn Elian over to him immediately and allow them to fly back to Cuba right away , Castro said Sunday . ' ' I am willing to leave tomorrow , absolutely alone and transport myself to where the child is , ' ' Castro read from a letter signed by Gonzalez . ' ' At the same time , the lawyers for the boy 's relatives in Miami said they might try to argue that his father is an unfit parent . Castro said that if those who oppose returning Elian to Cuba are worried about turning the child over to ' ' what is considered Cuban territory , then our Interests Section is willing to renounce diplomatic immunity of the residence of the chief of this section in Washington . ' ' His mother was among 11 people who died after they boat sank during the attempted crossing from Cuba to the United States . Gonzalez has demanded his rights as the child 's sole surviving parent and wants Elian returned to him . ' 	answer: positive
event: In an apparent bid to show flexibility in the campaign to return Elian Gonzalez to Cuba President Fidel Castro said the boy 's father has offered to travel alone today to the United States to pick up his 6-year - old son starts before the boy 's father offered to travel alone today to the United States to pick up his 6-year - old son story: HAVANA ( AP ) -- In an apparent bid to show flexibility in the campaign to return Elian Gonzalez to Cuba , President Fidel Castro  said the boy 's father has  offered to travel alone today to the United States to pick up his 6-year - old son . Gonzalez , the boy 's stepmother , his baby half - brother , a dozen classmates and some adults planned to apply for American visas today at the U.S. Interests Section in Havana , the American mission here . Gonzalez said he would go get his son alone if U.S. authorities promised they would turn Elian over to him immediately and allow them to fly back to Cuba right away , Castro said Sunday . ' ' I am willing to leave tomorrow , absolutely alone and transport myself to where the child is , ' ' Castro read from a letter signed by Gonzalez . ' ' At the same time , the lawyers for the boy 's relatives in Miami said they might try to argue that his father is an unfit parent . Castro said that if those who oppose returning Elian to Cuba are worried about turning the child over to ' ' what is considered Cuban territory , then our Interests Section is willing to renounce diplomatic immunity of the residence of the chief of this section in Washington . ' ' His mother was among 11 people who died after they boat sank during the attempted crossing from Cuba to the United States . Gonzalez has demanded his rights as the child 's sole surviving parent and wants Elian returned to him . ' 	answer: negative
event: Juan Miguel Gonzalez wrote in a letter published on the front page of the Communist Party daily Granma starts before We lack direct information about the concrete conditions to which he is subjected in his daily life story: HAVANA ( AP ) -- Elian Gonzalez 's father said in a letter published Wednesday that he wants Cuban diplomats based in Washington to meet with his 6-year - old son in Miami and check on his condition . ` ` We are worried not only about his prolonged kidnapping , ' ' Juan Miguel Gonzalez  wrote in a letter published on the front page of the Communist Party daily Granma . ` ` We  lack direct information about the concrete conditions to which he is subjected in his daily life . ' ' The Justice Department said it was reviewing that letter . Gonzalez 's second letter to Reno in two weeks was published in Granma on Tuesday . ` ` I formally object to the legal moves made or being made by those who are arbitrarily retaining Elian , ' ' Gonzalez said in the letter , dated Monday . In the letter , Gonzalez said he does not recognize the jurisdiction of theU.S. court system , which is weighing an attempt by Elian 's Miami relatives to block his return to Cuba . Elian has been the focus of an international custody battle since he was found on an inner tube off the Florida coast on Nov. 25 . ` ` Juan Miguel must not have written the letter himself , ' ' said Armando Gutierrez , spokesman for Elian 's relatives in Miami . ' U.S. government lawyers have moved to dismiss the Miami relatives ' lawsuit , arguing that they have no legal standing in the boy 's case . The INS ruled last month that only Elian 's father has the right to speak for the boy in immigration matters . 	answer: positive
event: Juan Miguel Gonzalez wrote in a letter published on the front page of the Communist Party daily Granma starts after We lack direct information about the concrete conditions to which he is subjected in his daily life story: HAVANA ( AP ) -- Elian Gonzalez 's father said in a letter published Wednesday that he wants Cuban diplomats based in Washington to meet with his 6-year - old son in Miami and check on his condition . ` ` We are worried not only about his prolonged kidnapping , ' ' Juan Miguel Gonzalez  wrote in a letter published on the front page of the Communist Party daily Granma . ` ` We  lack direct information about the concrete conditions to which he is subjected in his daily life . ' ' The Justice Department said it was reviewing that letter . Gonzalez 's second letter to Reno in two weeks was published in Granma on Tuesday . ` ` I formally object to the legal moves made or being made by those who are arbitrarily retaining Elian , ' ' Gonzalez said in the letter , dated Monday . In the letter , Gonzalez said he does not recognize the jurisdiction of theU.S. court system , which is weighing an attempt by Elian 's Miami relatives to block his return to Cuba . Elian has been the focus of an international custody battle since he was found on an inner tube off the Florida coast on Nov. 25 . ` ` Juan Miguel must not have written the letter himself , ' ' said Armando Gutierrez , spokesman for Elian 's relatives in Miami . ' U.S. government lawyers have moved to dismiss the Miami relatives ' lawsuit , arguing that they have no legal standing in the boy 's case . The INS ruled last month that only Elian 's father has the right to speak for the boy in immigration matters . 	answer: negative
event: We as Christians have a responsibility to protect the innocent from being murdered starts before a statement released to The Associated Press story: The doctor 's wife and one of his sons were in the kitchen when the shooting occurred , Murray said . Most other opponents of abortion , however , condemned the shooting and abortion . Joseph Zwilling , a spokesman for the Archdiocese of New York , said of the cardinal 's sermon . but he went on to defend the Church 's opposition to abortion as ` ` respecting of human life in all its forms , especially the most vulnerable . ' ' Susan Dudley , deputy director of the National Abortion Federation , assailed the remarks and called on anti - abortion groups to shift their tactics . ` ` I think that when pro - life organizations try to distinguish between themselves and these incidents they are at best being disingenuous , ' ' she said . Men smoking cigars and drinking beer with friends after shooting skeet at the Buffalo Shooting Club in Amherst said their feelings about abortion were mixed , but they uniformly denounced the killing of Slepian . Many residents said abortion had gradually dwindled as a local issue since Operation Rescue , an anti - abortion group , started a series of largely unsuccessful ` ` Spring of Life ' ' demonstrations in 1992 intended to shut down abortion clinics and harass local doctors , including Slepian . Little of the vitriol that the issue aroused in the late 1980s and early 1990s remains , residents said , and many of the local religious leaders who led the 1992 protests have moved . ` ` The only people that are left are the hard - core , fanatical people , ' ' said Larry Finkelstien , a high school teacher who works as an escort at abortion clinics . 	answer: positive
event: We as Christians have a responsibility to protect the innocent from being murdered starts after a statement released to The Associated Press story: The doctor 's wife and one of his sons were in the kitchen when the shooting occurred , Murray said . Most other opponents of abortion , however , condemned the shooting and abortion . Joseph Zwilling , a spokesman for the Archdiocese of New York , said of the cardinal 's sermon . but he went on to defend the Church 's opposition to abortion as ` ` respecting of human life in all its forms , especially the most vulnerable . ' ' Susan Dudley , deputy director of the National Abortion Federation , assailed the remarks and called on anti - abortion groups to shift their tactics . ` ` I think that when pro - life organizations try to distinguish between themselves and these incidents they are at best being disingenuous , ' ' she said . Men smoking cigars and drinking beer with friends after shooting skeet at the Buffalo Shooting Club in Amherst said their feelings about abortion were mixed , but they uniformly denounced the killing of Slepian . Many residents said abortion had gradually dwindled as a local issue since Operation Rescue , an anti - abortion group , started a series of largely unsuccessful ` ` Spring of Life ' ' demonstrations in 1992 intended to shut down abortion clinics and harass local doctors , including Slepian . Little of the vitriol that the issue aroused in the late 1980s and early 1990s remains , residents said , and many of the local religious leaders who led the 1992 protests have moved . ` ` The only people that are left are the hard - core , fanatical people , ' ' said Larry Finkelstien , a high school teacher who works as an escort at abortion clinics . 	answer: negative
event: it hold to its earlier - announced goal of a 50 % U.S. market share by the mid-1990s starts before the brewing giant which expected to see that grow to 42.5 % in the current year story: The St. Louis company said major rivals , Philip Morris Co. 's Miller Brewing unit and Adolph Coors Co. " have been following a policy of continuous and deep discounting for at least the past 18 months " on their premium brands , pricing their product as much as 25 cents a 12-pack below Anheuser 's Budweiser label in many markets . Anheuser said it 's discounting policy basically would involve matching such moves by rivals on a market - by - market basis . Shares of Coors , the company 's sole publicly traded major competitor , fell $ 1.50 apiece to $ 19.125 in national over - the - counter trading , apparently on investor concerns over potential fallout from the coming pricing struggle . Anheuser noted that " beer industry sales volume is 1989 is following the trend that has characterized the last half of the ' 80s , with sales volume being essentially flat " while consolidation creates fewer , bigger players . We can not permit a further slowing in our volume trend , " Anheuser said , adding it will take " appropriate competitive pricing actions to support our long - term market share growth strategy " for the premium brands . Jerry Steinman , publisher of Beer Marketers Insights , a trade newsletter , said Anheuser 's announcement means " everybody else in the industry is going to have a difficult time reaching their profit objectives . " While the third - quarter earnings were a " moderate disappointment , " he said , " the real bad news is the intensity of price competition " in the premium - beer sector . Both Coors and Stroh have recently been ceding market share to Miller and Anheuser . 	answer: positive
event: it hold to its earlier - announced goal of a 50 % U.S. market share by the mid-1990s starts after the brewing giant which expected to see that grow to 42.5 % in the current year story: The St. Louis company said major rivals , Philip Morris Co. 's Miller Brewing unit and Adolph Coors Co. " have been following a policy of continuous and deep discounting for at least the past 18 months " on their premium brands , pricing their product as much as 25 cents a 12-pack below Anheuser 's Budweiser label in many markets . Anheuser said it 's discounting policy basically would involve matching such moves by rivals on a market - by - market basis . Shares of Coors , the company 's sole publicly traded major competitor , fell $ 1.50 apiece to $ 19.125 in national over - the - counter trading , apparently on investor concerns over potential fallout from the coming pricing struggle . Anheuser noted that " beer industry sales volume is 1989 is following the trend that has characterized the last half of the ' 80s , with sales volume being essentially flat " while consolidation creates fewer , bigger players . We can not permit a further slowing in our volume trend , " Anheuser said , adding it will take " appropriate competitive pricing actions to support our long - term market share growth strategy " for the premium brands . Jerry Steinman , publisher of Beer Marketers Insights , a trade newsletter , said Anheuser 's announcement means " everybody else in the industry is going to have a difficult time reaching their profit objectives . " While the third - quarter earnings were a " moderate disappointment , " he said , " the real bad news is the intensity of price competition " in the premium - beer sector . Both Coors and Stroh have recently been ceding market share to Miller and Anheuser . 	answer: negative
event: the boy 's father , Juan Miguel Gonzalez , controlled by the Cuban government even though he has been in Bethesda , Md. , for the last week starts before Juanita Castro said story: The small pharmacy on Unity Boulevard in Little Havana is unassuming . No Cuban flags sway from its door and no political signs pushing for the case of young Elian Gonzalez hang from its windows . But the opinion of the woman who runs the modest business , which sells everything from prescription drugs to chewing gum and toys , carries a lot of weight in this part of Miami . Juanita Castro , who arrived in Miami in 1961 , believes the custody of the child should be worked out between his family members . She is not certain whether the boy should stay in the United States , but she feels that since he 's been here so long , he should be afforded the opportunity to live in a free country . When asked if she thought the boy 's father , Juan Miguel Gonzalez , was being  controlled by the Cuban government even though he has been in Bethesda , Md. , for the last week , she frowned . Dressed in a dark pink blazer and cream color pants , the sister of the Cuban dictator walked around the pharmacy talking warmly with her customers . She does not speak to her brother and has n't for several years . Juanita Castro said she has not visited the Miami relatives of Elian Gonzalez and has no plans to do so . ` ` I just work in my pharmacy every day and I pray for a resolution in our country ( Cuba ) that is without violence , ' ' she said . He 's been through a lot . ' 	answer: positive
event: the boy 's father , Juan Miguel Gonzalez , controlled by the Cuban government even though he has been in Bethesda , Md. , for the last week starts after Juanita Castro said story: The small pharmacy on Unity Boulevard in Little Havana is unassuming . No Cuban flags sway from its door and no political signs pushing for the case of young Elian Gonzalez hang from its windows . But the opinion of the woman who runs the modest business , which sells everything from prescription drugs to chewing gum and toys , carries a lot of weight in this part of Miami . Juanita Castro , who arrived in Miami in 1961 , believes the custody of the child should be worked out between his family members . She is not certain whether the boy should stay in the United States , but she feels that since he 's been here so long , he should be afforded the opportunity to live in a free country . When asked if she thought the boy 's father , Juan Miguel Gonzalez , was being  controlled by the Cuban government even though he has been in Bethesda , Md. , for the last week , she frowned . Dressed in a dark pink blazer and cream color pants , the sister of the Cuban dictator walked around the pharmacy talking warmly with her customers . She does not speak to her brother and has n't for several years . Juanita Castro said she has not visited the Miami relatives of Elian Gonzalez and has no plans to do so . ` ` I just work in my pharmacy every day and I pray for a resolution in our country ( Cuba ) that is without violence , ' ' she said . He 's been through a lot . ' 	answer: negative
event: vowing that he would do so on his first day in office if elected starts before Goldstein who said it was ` ` thoroughly , thoroughly possible ' ' that the issue would surface in Spitzer 's advertisements story: In the race for attorney general , the Democratic candidate , Eliot Spitzer , who favors abortion rights , has moved quickly to make the anti - abortion position of his opponent , Attorney General Dennis Vacco , a central issue in the campaign . Now events are doing the work for Schumer . Slepian 's death was among the first topics raised in Saturday night 's debate between the two men , and it was instantly followed by a question to D'Amato on whether he opposed first - trimester abortions for adult women . It brings it home . ' ' ` ` Both Senator D'Amato and Chuck Schumer agree this was a horrific crime and a horrible tragedy , ' ' said Josh Isay , Schumer 's campaign manager . But , Isay added , ` ` it heightens the abortion issue . ' ' ` ` Eliot is going to make a huge priority of this , ' ' ` ` Stopping clinic violence is going to be a major theme of our campaign from now to Election Day . ' It was the same clinic where Slepian worked . Goldstein , who  said it was ` ` thoroughly , thoroughly possible ' ' that the issue would surface in Spitzer 's advertisements , defended the use of the issue by noting that the attorney general has direct impact on the issue of clinic access . Several consultants agreed that there might be political hay to be made in Slepian 's death but that it had to be done carefully . 	answer: positive
event: vowing that he would do so on his first day in office if elected starts after Goldstein who said it was ` ` thoroughly , thoroughly possible ' ' that the issue would surface in Spitzer 's advertisements story: In the race for attorney general , the Democratic candidate , Eliot Spitzer , who favors abortion rights , has moved quickly to make the anti - abortion position of his opponent , Attorney General Dennis Vacco , a central issue in the campaign . Now events are doing the work for Schumer . Slepian 's death was among the first topics raised in Saturday night 's debate between the two men , and it was instantly followed by a question to D'Amato on whether he opposed first - trimester abortions for adult women . It brings it home . ' ' ` ` Both Senator D'Amato and Chuck Schumer agree this was a horrific crime and a horrible tragedy , ' ' said Josh Isay , Schumer 's campaign manager . But , Isay added , ` ` it heightens the abortion issue . ' ' ` ` Eliot is going to make a huge priority of this , ' ' ` ` Stopping clinic violence is going to be a major theme of our campaign from now to Election Day . ' It was the same clinic where Slepian worked . Goldstein , who  said it was ` ` thoroughly , thoroughly possible ' ' that the issue would surface in Spitzer 's advertisements , defended the use of the issue by noting that the attorney general has direct impact on the issue of clinic access . Several consultants agreed that there might be political hay to be made in Slepian 's death but that it had to be done carefully . 	answer: negative
event: President Fidel Castro said Friday she had been ` ` practically kidnapped ' ' by the boyfriend who perished along with her on the boat wreck her 6-year - old son survived starts after on the boat wreck her 6-year - old son survived story: HAVANA ( AP ) -- Calling the mother of Elian Gonzalez ` ` an excellent girl , ' ' President Fidel Castro  said Friday she had been ` ` practically kidnapped ' ' by the boyfriend who perished along with her on the boat wreck her 6-year - old son  survived . He placed the blame on Lazaro Rafael Munero , who apparently organized the ill - fated journey on which Elian 's mother Elisabeth Brotons and 10 other people -- including Munero -- died . Earlier Friday , Cuba 's communist government celebrated the birth of independence hero Jose Marti on Friday with rallies calling for the return of Elian Gonzalez , the ` ` boy martyr ' ' at the center of an international custody battle . ` ` Che ' ' Guevara and said the boy ` ` has been converted forever into a symbol of the crimes and injustices that imperialism is capable of committing against an innocent . ' ' Similar events were held all day in the capital and across the island . It offered more details and criticisms of the perceived treatment that Elian 's grandmothers , Mariela Quintana and Raquel Rodriguez , received from O'Laughlin , the Miami relatives and other anti - Castro Cubans during the encounter . In an interview with the Spanish language broadcast of CNN , Elian 's father also criticized how the meeting was handled . ` ` They are not going to buy me , ' ' said Juan Miguel Gonzalez . 	answer: positive
event: President Fidel Castro said Friday she had been ` ` practically kidnapped ' ' by the boyfriend who perished along with her on the boat wreck her 6-year - old son survived starts before on the boat wreck her 6-year - old son survived story: HAVANA ( AP ) -- Calling the mother of Elian Gonzalez ` ` an excellent girl , ' ' President Fidel Castro  said Friday she had been ` ` practically kidnapped ' ' by the boyfriend who perished along with her on the boat wreck her 6-year - old son  survived . He placed the blame on Lazaro Rafael Munero , who apparently organized the ill - fated journey on which Elian 's mother Elisabeth Brotons and 10 other people -- including Munero -- died . Earlier Friday , Cuba 's communist government celebrated the birth of independence hero Jose Marti on Friday with rallies calling for the return of Elian Gonzalez , the ` ` boy martyr ' ' at the center of an international custody battle . ` ` Che ' ' Guevara and said the boy ` ` has been converted forever into a symbol of the crimes and injustices that imperialism is capable of committing against an innocent . ' ' Similar events were held all day in the capital and across the island . It offered more details and criticisms of the perceived treatment that Elian 's grandmothers , Mariela Quintana and Raquel Rodriguez , received from O'Laughlin , the Miami relatives and other anti - Castro Cubans during the encounter . In an interview with the Spanish language broadcast of CNN , Elian 's father also criticized how the meeting was handled . ` ` They are not going to buy me , ' ' said Juan Miguel Gonzalez . 	answer: negative
event: The Supreme Court took a detour this week from the core principle of gender fairness it vindicated two years ago in its ruling invalidating the use of sexual stereotypes to justify denying women admission to the Virginia Military Institute starts after the core principle of gender fairness it vindicated two years ago in its ruling invalidating the use of sexual stereotypes to justify denying women admission to the Virginia Military Institute story: By a 6 - 3 vote , the court upheld a discriminatory immigration law that gives a child born overseas to an unmarried American woman a better chance at citizenship than a child born to an unmarried American man . But the child of an unwed American father has no citizenship rights unless the father takes the affirmative step of acknowledging paternity and formally agrees to provide support until the child turns 18 . The majority 's views were expressed in three separate opinions , the most disquieting of which was written by a liberal member , Justice John Paul Stevens , and joined by a conservative , Chief Justice William Rehnquist . The opinion , which found the gender distinction reasonable , relied heavily on outmoded generalities about family roles , including the flawed presumption that mothers have a closer relationship to their children than fathers do . As Justice Stephen Breyer asked in a strong dissent , ` ` what sense does it make ' ' to apply citizenship barriers ` ` only to fathers and not to mothers in today 's world _ where paternity can readily be proved and where women and men both are likely to earn a living in the workplace ? ' ' . Justices Sandra Day O'Connor and Anthony Kennedy seemed to agree that the law amounted to unconstitutional sex discrimination . Butinstead of providing the votes to strike it down , they chose to uphold it on the flimsy ground that because the sex of the parent and not the child made the difference under the law , the plaintiff did not have standing to bring the case . 	answer: positive
event: The Supreme Court took a detour this week from the core principle of gender fairness it vindicated two years ago in its ruling invalidating the use of sexual stereotypes to justify denying women admission to the Virginia Military Institute starts before the core principle of gender fairness it vindicated two years ago in its ruling invalidating the use of sexual stereotypes to justify denying women admission to the Virginia Military Institute story: By a 6 - 3 vote , the court upheld a discriminatory immigration law that gives a child born overseas to an unmarried American woman a better chance at citizenship than a child born to an unmarried American man . But the child of an unwed American father has no citizenship rights unless the father takes the affirmative step of acknowledging paternity and formally agrees to provide support until the child turns 18 . The majority 's views were expressed in three separate opinions , the most disquieting of which was written by a liberal member , Justice John Paul Stevens , and joined by a conservative , Chief Justice William Rehnquist . The opinion , which found the gender distinction reasonable , relied heavily on outmoded generalities about family roles , including the flawed presumption that mothers have a closer relationship to their children than fathers do . As Justice Stephen Breyer asked in a strong dissent , ` ` what sense does it make ' ' to apply citizenship barriers ` ` only to fathers and not to mothers in today 's world _ where paternity can readily be proved and where women and men both are likely to earn a living in the workplace ? ' ' . Justices Sandra Day O'Connor and Anthony Kennedy seemed to agree that the law amounted to unconstitutional sex discrimination . Butinstead of providing the votes to strike it down , they chose to uphold it on the flimsy ground that because the sex of the parent and not the child made the difference under the law , the plaintiff did not have standing to bring the case . 	answer: negative
event: N.C. The Dallas oil and gas concern said that $ 10 million of the facility would be used to consolidate the company 's $ 8.1 million of existing bank debt , to repurchase 4 million of its 4.9 million shares outstanding of Series D convertible preferred stock , and to purchase a 10 % net - profits interest in certain oil and gas properties from one of its existing lenders starts before for oil and gas acquisitions the company said story: Coda Energy Inc. said it arranged a $ 50 million credit facility with NCNB Texas National Bank , a unit of NCNB Corp. , of Charlotte , N.C. The Dallas oil and gas concern  said that $ 10 million of the facility would be used to consolidate the company 's $ 8.1 million of existing bank debt , to repurchase 4 million of its 4.9 million shares outstanding of Series D convertible preferred stock , and to purchase a 10 % net - profits interest in certain oil and gas properties from one of its existing lenders , National Canada Corp. The remaining $ 40 million can be used over three years for oil and gas acquisitions , the company  said . Ted Eubank , Coda 's president , said the loan carries an interest rate of prime plus one percentage point , with 85 % of the company 's net oil and gas revenue each month dedicated to repayment . The company put up " virtually all " of its oil and gas properties as collateral , he said . 	answer: positive
event: N.C. The Dallas oil and gas concern said that $ 10 million of the facility would be used to consolidate the company 's $ 8.1 million of existing bank debt , to repurchase 4 million of its 4.9 million shares outstanding of Series D convertible preferred stock , and to purchase a 10 % net - profits interest in certain oil and gas properties from one of its existing lenders starts after for oil and gas acquisitions the company said story: Coda Energy Inc. said it arranged a $ 50 million credit facility with NCNB Texas National Bank , a unit of NCNB Corp. , of Charlotte , N.C. The Dallas oil and gas concern  said that $ 10 million of the facility would be used to consolidate the company 's $ 8.1 million of existing bank debt , to repurchase 4 million of its 4.9 million shares outstanding of Series D convertible preferred stock , and to purchase a 10 % net - profits interest in certain oil and gas properties from one of its existing lenders , National Canada Corp. The remaining $ 40 million can be used over three years for oil and gas acquisitions , the company  said . Ted Eubank , Coda 's president , said the loan carries an interest rate of prime plus one percentage point , with 85 % of the company 's net oil and gas revenue each month dedicated to repayment . The company put up " virtually all " of its oil and gas properties as collateral , he said . 	answer: negative
event: Separately Cilcorp said it plans to purchase as many as 1.4 million shares , or 10 % of its common stock outstanding from time to time on the open market and through privately negotiated transactions starts after The company which currently has 13.5 million common shares outstanding story: Cilcorp Inc. , Peoria , Ill. , said it agreed to acquire the environmental consulting and analytical service businesses of Hunter Environmental Services Inc. of Southport , Conn. The utility holding company said Hunter will receive 390,000 shares of a new series of Cilcorp convertible preferred stock with a face value of $ 39 million for the businesses . Cilcorp will also assume $ 22 million of Hunter 's existing debt . As part of the agreement , Cilcorp said it will pay Hunter $ 4 million in exchange for agreements not to compete . Cilcorp said the businesses to be acquired had revenue of $ 76 million for the year ended March 31 . Separately , Cilcorp  said it plans to purchase as many as 1.4 million shares , or 10 % of its common stock outstanding from time to time on the open market and through privately negotiated transactions . The company , which currently  has 13.5 million common shares outstanding , said it has no specific plans for the shares . 	answer: positive
event: Separately Cilcorp said it plans to purchase as many as 1.4 million shares , or 10 % of its common stock outstanding from time to time on the open market and through privately negotiated transactions starts before The company which currently has 13.5 million common shares outstanding story: Cilcorp Inc. , Peoria , Ill. , said it agreed to acquire the environmental consulting and analytical service businesses of Hunter Environmental Services Inc. of Southport , Conn. The utility holding company said Hunter will receive 390,000 shares of a new series of Cilcorp convertible preferred stock with a face value of $ 39 million for the businesses . Cilcorp will also assume $ 22 million of Hunter 's existing debt . As part of the agreement , Cilcorp said it will pay Hunter $ 4 million in exchange for agreements not to compete . Cilcorp said the businesses to be acquired had revenue of $ 76 million for the year ended March 31 . Separately , Cilcorp  said it plans to purchase as many as 1.4 million shares , or 10 % of its common stock outstanding from time to time on the open market and through privately negotiated transactions . The company , which currently  has 13.5 million common shares outstanding , said it has no specific plans for the shares . 	answer: negative
event: Robert Mellor , Di Giorgio 's executive vice president , said the company stands to reap more money through the sale of individual units to others than by accepting DIG 's offer starts before the company stands to reap more money through the sale of individual units to others than by accepting DIG 's offer story: Di Giorgio Corp. said it 's continuing talks with potential buyers of certain units , but has reached no agreement on any deals . Di Giorgio , a food wholesaler and building products maker , is seeking alternatives to an unsolicited $ 32-a - share tender offer of DIG Acquisition Corp. , a unit of Rose Partners Limited Partnership . DIG is the vehicle being used to pursue to acquisition . Robert Mellor , Di Giorgio 's executive vice president ,  said the company  stands to reap more money through the sale of individual units to others than by accepting DIG 's offer . 	answer: positive
event: Robert Mellor , Di Giorgio 's executive vice president , said the company stands to reap more money through the sale of individual units to others than by accepting DIG 's offer starts after the company stands to reap more money through the sale of individual units to others than by accepting DIG 's offer story: Di Giorgio Corp. said it 's continuing talks with potential buyers of certain units , but has reached no agreement on any deals . Di Giorgio , a food wholesaler and building products maker , is seeking alternatives to an unsolicited $ 32-a - share tender offer of DIG Acquisition Corp. , a unit of Rose Partners Limited Partnership . DIG is the vehicle being used to pursue to acquisition . Robert Mellor , Di Giorgio 's executive vice president ,  said the company  stands to reap more money through the sale of individual units to others than by accepting DIG 's offer . 	answer: negative
event: he received information from Khmer Rouge guerrillas on where the body had been buried starts before they would sent across the border into Thailand and onward to Bangkok story: The top commander of a Cambodian resistance force said Thursday he has sent a team to recover the remains of a British mine removal expert kidnapped and presumed killed by Khmer Rouge guerrillas almost two years ago . Gen. Nhek Bunchhay , a loyalist of ousted Cambodian Prime Minister Prince Norodom Ranariddh , said in an interview with The Associated Press at his hilltop headquarters that he hopes to recover the remains of Christopher Howes within the next two weeks . Howes had been working for the Britain - based Mines Advisory Group when he was abducted with his Cambodian interpreter Houn Hourth in March 1996 . But there is no evidence in either direction _ that there is proof of life or death Thai military officials who monitor Cambodian affairs said privately Thursday that Britain , through its embassies in Thailand and Cambodia , has been pushing hard to resolve the Howes case as the second anniversary of his abduction nears . He said he  received information from Khmer Rouge guerrillas on where the body had been buried , and recently ordered 10 of his men from a force of 500 near Khmer Rouge headquarters in Anlong Veng to conduct the search . But the group began to fall apart in mid-1996 after the defection of one of its top leaders , Ieng Sary . Other commanders , and thousands of guerrillas , followed him . Ranariddh 's loyalists , including Nhek Bunchhay , his top military commander , went into hiding or fled the capital . His men have held the stronghold _ which is on the border just opposite the Thai province of Surin _ against repeated intense attacks by Hun Sen 's troops . 	answer: positive
event: he received information from Khmer Rouge guerrillas on where the body had been buried starts after they would sent across the border into Thailand and onward to Bangkok story: The top commander of a Cambodian resistance force said Thursday he has sent a team to recover the remains of a British mine removal expert kidnapped and presumed killed by Khmer Rouge guerrillas almost two years ago . Gen. Nhek Bunchhay , a loyalist of ousted Cambodian Prime Minister Prince Norodom Ranariddh , said in an interview with The Associated Press at his hilltop headquarters that he hopes to recover the remains of Christopher Howes within the next two weeks . Howes had been working for the Britain - based Mines Advisory Group when he was abducted with his Cambodian interpreter Houn Hourth in March 1996 . But there is no evidence in either direction _ that there is proof of life or death Thai military officials who monitor Cambodian affairs said privately Thursday that Britain , through its embassies in Thailand and Cambodia , has been pushing hard to resolve the Howes case as the second anniversary of his abduction nears . He said he  received information from Khmer Rouge guerrillas on where the body had been buried , and recently ordered 10 of his men from a force of 500 near Khmer Rouge headquarters in Anlong Veng to conduct the search . But the group began to fall apart in mid-1996 after the defection of one of its top leaders , Ieng Sary . Other commanders , and thousands of guerrillas , followed him . Ranariddh 's loyalists , including Nhek Bunchhay , his top military commander , went into hiding or fled the capital . His men have held the stronghold _ which is on the border just opposite the Thai province of Surin _ against repeated intense attacks by Hun Sen 's troops . 	answer: negative
event: the accord which announced Friday starts before The myths that Japan is not open to concerns from outside has , I think , been demolished at a stroke Mr. Nadir said story: Polly Peck International Inc. 's agreement to acquire 51 % of Sansui Electric Co. proves that foreign companies can acquire Japanese companies -- if the alternative for the Japanese company is extinction . The myths that Japan is not open to concerns from outside has , I think , been demolished at a stroke , " Mr. Nadir  said . Usually when a Japanese company is ready to sell , it has few alternatives remaining , and the grim demeanors of Sansui 's directors at a joint news conference here left little doubt that this was not the company 's finest hour . " But even a Japanese company that looks like a dog may turn out to be a good investment for a foreign concern , some management consultants maintain . Attitudes { toward being acquired } are still negative , but they 're becoming more positive , " Mr. Murasawa said . " " Whatever capital it ( Sansui ) needs so it can compete and become a totally global entity capable of competing with the best in the world , that capital will be injected , " Mr. Nadir said . And while Polly Peck is n't jettisoning the existent top - management structure of Sansui , it is bringing in a former Toshiba Corp. executive as executive vice president and chief operating officer . Last month , Polly Peck posted a 38 % jump in pretax profit for the first half to # 54.8 million from # 39.8 million on a 63 % rise in sales . 	answer: positive
event: the accord which announced Friday starts after The myths that Japan is not open to concerns from outside has , I think , been demolished at a stroke Mr. Nadir said story: Polly Peck International Inc. 's agreement to acquire 51 % of Sansui Electric Co. proves that foreign companies can acquire Japanese companies -- if the alternative for the Japanese company is extinction . The myths that Japan is not open to concerns from outside has , I think , been demolished at a stroke , " Mr. Nadir  said . Usually when a Japanese company is ready to sell , it has few alternatives remaining , and the grim demeanors of Sansui 's directors at a joint news conference here left little doubt that this was not the company 's finest hour . " But even a Japanese company that looks like a dog may turn out to be a good investment for a foreign concern , some management consultants maintain . Attitudes { toward being acquired } are still negative , but they 're becoming more positive , " Mr. Murasawa said . " " Whatever capital it ( Sansui ) needs so it can compete and become a totally global entity capable of competing with the best in the world , that capital will be injected , " Mr. Nadir said . And while Polly Peck is n't jettisoning the existent top - management structure of Sansui , it is bringing in a former Toshiba Corp. executive as executive vice president and chief operating officer . Last month , Polly Peck posted a 38 % jump in pretax profit for the first half to # 54.8 million from # 39.8 million on a 63 % rise in sales . 	answer: negative
event: its new strategy started in some markets last month starts before its new strategy expected to be applied soon in selected markets nationwide story: Anheuser - Busch Cos . said it plans to aggressively discount its major beer brands , setting the stage for a potentially bruising price war as the maturing industry 's growth continues to slow . With the passing of the heady days of swelling industry sales , however , the once - sporadic and brief forays into discounting are becoming standard competitive weapons in the beer industry . Over the summer , Anheuser competitors offered more and deeper discounts than industry observers have seen for a long time . The St. Louis company said major rivals , Philip Morris Co. 's Miller Brewing unit and Shares of Coors , the company 's sole publicly traded major competitor , fell $ 1.50 apiece to $ 19.125 in national over - the - counter trading , apparently on investor concerns over potential fallout from the coming pricing struggle . We can not permit a further slowing in our volume trend , " Anheuser said , adding it will take " appropriate competitive pricing actions to support our long - term market share growth strategy " for the premium brands . " Anheuser is the biggest guy in the bar , and he just decided to join in the barroom brawl , " said Joseph J. Doyle , an analyst with Smith Barney , Harris Upham amp Co. " " Mr. Thompson noted that the disappointing earnings , which fell five cents a share short of his own projections , contributed to the sell - off by an edgy and currently unforgiving investing public . While the third - quarter earnings were a " moderate disappointment , " he said , " the real bad news is the intensity of price competition " in the premium - beer sector . 	answer: positive
event: its new strategy started in some markets last month starts after its new strategy expected to be applied soon in selected markets nationwide story: Anheuser - Busch Cos . said it plans to aggressively discount its major beer brands , setting the stage for a potentially bruising price war as the maturing industry 's growth continues to slow . With the passing of the heady days of swelling industry sales , however , the once - sporadic and brief forays into discounting are becoming standard competitive weapons in the beer industry . Over the summer , Anheuser competitors offered more and deeper discounts than industry observers have seen for a long time . The St. Louis company said major rivals , Philip Morris Co. 's Miller Brewing unit and Shares of Coors , the company 's sole publicly traded major competitor , fell $ 1.50 apiece to $ 19.125 in national over - the - counter trading , apparently on investor concerns over potential fallout from the coming pricing struggle . We can not permit a further slowing in our volume trend , " Anheuser said , adding it will take " appropriate competitive pricing actions to support our long - term market share growth strategy " for the premium brands . " Anheuser is the biggest guy in the bar , and he just decided to join in the barroom brawl , " said Joseph J. Doyle , an analyst with Smith Barney , Harris Upham amp Co. " " Mr. Thompson noted that the disappointing earnings , which fell five cents a share short of his own projections , contributed to the sell - off by an edgy and currently unforgiving investing public . While the third - quarter earnings were a " moderate disappointment , " he said , " the real bad news is the intensity of price competition " in the premium - beer sector . 	answer: negative
event: Castro and other historic revolutionary leaders sitting in the front row of Havana 's Conventions Palace starts after the courts hearing the custody battle story: HAVANA ( AP ) -- Elian Gonzalez 's father said in a letter published Wednesday that he wants Cuban diplomats based in Washington to meet with his 6-year - old son in Miami and check on his condition . Juan Miguel Gonzalez wrote in a letter published on the front page of the Communist Party daily Granma . ` ` We lack direct information about the concrete conditions to which he is subjected in his daily life . ' ' There was no immediate response from the U.S. government to the request . Gonzalez had written a letter earlier this week to Attorney General Janet Reno , demanding Elian be returned to him and saying he did not recognize the courts  hearing the custody battle . Gonzalez said in the letter , dated Monday . In the letter , Gonzalez said he does not recognize the jurisdiction of the U.S. court system , which is weighing an attempt by Elian 's Miami relatives to block his return to Cuba . The boy 's mother and 10 other people died when their boat sank on the way from Cuba to the United States . ` ` Castro must be dreaming for the family to allow Cuban spies inside Lazaro Gonzalez 's home . ' Lawyers for the relatives in Miami filed a brief in federal court on Monday arguing the Immigration and Naturalization Service can not return Elian to Cuba without holding a political asylum hearing . U.S. government lawyers have moved to dismiss the Miami relatives ' lawsuit , arguing that they have no legal standing in the boy 's case . 	answer: positive
event: Castro and other historic revolutionary leaders sitting in the front row of Havana 's Conventions Palace starts before the courts hearing the custody battle story: HAVANA ( AP ) -- Elian Gonzalez 's father said in a letter published Wednesday that he wants Cuban diplomats based in Washington to meet with his 6-year - old son in Miami and check on his condition . Juan Miguel Gonzalez wrote in a letter published on the front page of the Communist Party daily Granma . ` ` We lack direct information about the concrete conditions to which he is subjected in his daily life . ' ' There was no immediate response from the U.S. government to the request . Gonzalez had written a letter earlier this week to Attorney General Janet Reno , demanding Elian be returned to him and saying he did not recognize the courts  hearing the custody battle . Gonzalez said in the letter , dated Monday . In the letter , Gonzalez said he does not recognize the jurisdiction of the U.S. court system , which is weighing an attempt by Elian 's Miami relatives to block his return to Cuba . The boy 's mother and 10 other people died when their boat sank on the way from Cuba to the United States . ` ` Castro must be dreaming for the family to allow Cuban spies inside Lazaro Gonzalez 's home . ' Lawyers for the relatives in Miami filed a brief in federal court on Monday arguing the Immigration and Naturalization Service can not return Elian to Cuba without holding a political asylum hearing . U.S. government lawyers have moved to dismiss the Miami relatives ' lawsuit , arguing that they have no legal standing in the boy 's case . 	answer: negative
event: We betrayed by the government by ( President ) Kennedy starts before said Josefa Gonzalez , who left Cuba in 1962 when she was 4 story: MIAMI ( AP ) -- After a weekend of bitter accusations lobbed by both sides of the Elian Gonzalez custody battle , attention returned today to the federal judges deciding a key point in the international case . Such a decision would allow the U.S. government to push for the 6-year - old boy 's swift reunion in Washington with his waiting father , Juan Miguel Gonzalez , who wants to return to Cuba . His mother and 10 other people fleeing Cuba drowned when their boat sank . Juan Miguel Gonzalez lashed out at his Miami relatives Sunday night , accusing them of ' ' child abuse ' ' for turning his son against him . He said they have manipulated his son to believe that his mother still may show up someday -- in this country . ' ' he 's suffering more here amongst them than he suffered in the sea . ' ' Gonzalez said he did n't believe a much - publicized video taped at the relatives ' home in which his son said he did n't want to go . He 's told me so , ' ' Gonzalez said . Protesters , however , dismissed Juan Miguel 's comments as either selfish or the words of Fidel Castro . ' ' ' He 's not telling the truth . ' ' We were  betrayed by the government , by ( President ) Kennedy , and if they turned the child back over , it will be a second betrayal , ' ' Earlier Sunday , protesters prayed for divine help as Easter week began , waving palm fronds and posters of the Cuban boy and Jesus . 	answer: positive
event: We betrayed by the government by ( President ) Kennedy starts after said Josefa Gonzalez , who left Cuba in 1962 when she was 4 story: MIAMI ( AP ) -- After a weekend of bitter accusations lobbed by both sides of the Elian Gonzalez custody battle , attention returned today to the federal judges deciding a key point in the international case . Such a decision would allow the U.S. government to push for the 6-year - old boy 's swift reunion in Washington with his waiting father , Juan Miguel Gonzalez , who wants to return to Cuba . His mother and 10 other people fleeing Cuba drowned when their boat sank . Juan Miguel Gonzalez lashed out at his Miami relatives Sunday night , accusing them of ' ' child abuse ' ' for turning his son against him . He said they have manipulated his son to believe that his mother still may show up someday -- in this country . ' ' he 's suffering more here amongst them than he suffered in the sea . ' ' Gonzalez said he did n't believe a much - publicized video taped at the relatives ' home in which his son said he did n't want to go . He 's told me so , ' ' Gonzalez said . Protesters , however , dismissed Juan Miguel 's comments as either selfish or the words of Fidel Castro . ' ' ' He 's not telling the truth . ' ' We were  betrayed by the government , by ( President ) Kennedy , and if they turned the child back over , it will be a second betrayal , ' ' Earlier Sunday , protesters prayed for divine help as Easter week began , waving palm fronds and posters of the Cuban boy and Jesus . 	answer: negative
event: attempts to kill President Fidel Castro starts before After the rally state television showed the Cuban exiles in the streets of Miami some of them carrying signs demanding ` ` Freedom for Elian , ' ' the same battle cry regularly chanted during rallies on this side of the Florida Straits story: HAVANA ( AP ) -- While state - run television broadcast footage of Cuban exiles protesting in Miami against the repatriation of Elian Gonzalez , the Cuban government urged its people to keep up their own demonstrations to ensure the boy 's return . The unusual airing of protests against President Fidel Castro appeared aimed at warning Cuban citizens that South Florida exiles could still force the reversal of the U.S. government 's decision to return Gonzalez to Cuba . Castro attended a rally Thursday by media workers at Havana 's Palace of Conventions to demand Gonzalez 's return . After the rally , state television  showed the Cuban exiles in the streets of Miami -- some of them carrying signs demanding ` ` Freedom for Elian , ' ' the same battle cry regularly chanted during rallies on this side of the Florida Straits . In one case , riot police had to use tear gas to clear them . Saying ` ` nothing is certain ' ' about Elian 's return , Cuba 's government exhorted citizens to keep rallying , after the boy 's relatives in Miami said they would look for ways to get around Wednesday 's ruling by the U.S. Immigration and Naturalization Service to repatriate the child by Jan. 14 . ` ` We can not stop mobilizing ! Rescued on Nov. 25 by fishermen off the Florida coast , Elian has become the subject of an international custody battle . 	answer: positive
event: attempts to kill President Fidel Castro starts after After the rally state television showed the Cuban exiles in the streets of Miami some of them carrying signs demanding ` ` Freedom for Elian , ' ' the same battle cry regularly chanted during rallies on this side of the Florida Straits story: HAVANA ( AP ) -- While state - run television broadcast footage of Cuban exiles protesting in Miami against the repatriation of Elian Gonzalez , the Cuban government urged its people to keep up their own demonstrations to ensure the boy 's return . The unusual airing of protests against President Fidel Castro appeared aimed at warning Cuban citizens that South Florida exiles could still force the reversal of the U.S. government 's decision to return Gonzalez to Cuba . Castro attended a rally Thursday by media workers at Havana 's Palace of Conventions to demand Gonzalez 's return . After the rally , state television  showed the Cuban exiles in the streets of Miami -- some of them carrying signs demanding ` ` Freedom for Elian , ' ' the same battle cry regularly chanted during rallies on this side of the Florida Straits . In one case , riot police had to use tear gas to clear them . Saying ` ` nothing is certain ' ' about Elian 's return , Cuba 's government exhorted citizens to keep rallying , after the boy 's relatives in Miami said they would look for ways to get around Wednesday 's ruling by the U.S. Immigration and Naturalization Service to repatriate the child by Jan. 14 . ` ` We can not stop mobilizing ! Rescued on Nov. 25 by fishermen off the Florida coast , Elian has become the subject of an international custody battle . 	answer: negative
event: He adds Our fund has had { positive } net sales every month for the last three years -- until this month starts after Vanguard 's $ 1 billion High Yield Bond Portfolio seen $ 161 million flow out since early September story: Billions of investors ' dollars are pouring out of the nation 's junk - bond mutual funds , undermining a pillar of support in the already reeling junk market . Last week alone , an eye - popping $ 1.6 billion flowed out of the junk funds , or nearly 5 % of their total assets , according to estimates by Dalbar Financial Services Inc. , a Boston research firm . It made the estimates based on data collected from more than a dozen big junk funds . People have been seeing headline after headline after headline and saying : ` I ca n't take it anymore -- I 'm getting out , ' " says Kurt Brouwer of Brouwer amp Janachowski , a San Francisco investment adviser . If the heavy outflows continue , fund managers will face increasing pressure to sell off some of their junk to pay departing investors in the weeks ahead . But tremors are likely in the junk - bond market , which has helped to finance the takeover boom of recent years . The $ 1.5 billion Fidelity High Income Fund has had a net outflow of about $ 150 million in the past two months . About $ 60 million streamed out last week alone , double the level of the week following last month 's Campeau Corp. credit squeeze . " He  adds : " Our fund has had { positive } net sales every month for the last three years -- until this month . " Junk - fund holders have barely broken even this year , as fat interest payments barely managed to offset declining prices . 	answer: positive
event: He adds Our fund has had { positive } net sales every month for the last three years -- until this month starts before Vanguard 's $ 1 billion High Yield Bond Portfolio seen $ 161 million flow out since early September story: Billions of investors ' dollars are pouring out of the nation 's junk - bond mutual funds , undermining a pillar of support in the already reeling junk market . Last week alone , an eye - popping $ 1.6 billion flowed out of the junk funds , or nearly 5 % of their total assets , according to estimates by Dalbar Financial Services Inc. , a Boston research firm . It made the estimates based on data collected from more than a dozen big junk funds . People have been seeing headline after headline after headline and saying : ` I ca n't take it anymore -- I 'm getting out , ' " says Kurt Brouwer of Brouwer amp Janachowski , a San Francisco investment adviser . If the heavy outflows continue , fund managers will face increasing pressure to sell off some of their junk to pay departing investors in the weeks ahead . But tremors are likely in the junk - bond market , which has helped to finance the takeover boom of recent years . The $ 1.5 billion Fidelity High Income Fund has had a net outflow of about $ 150 million in the past two months . About $ 60 million streamed out last week alone , double the level of the week following last month 's Campeau Corp. credit squeeze . " He  adds : " Our fund has had { positive } net sales every month for the last three years -- until this month . " Junk - fund holders have barely broken even this year , as fat interest payments barely managed to offset declining prices . 	answer: negative
event: Kopp used 29 aliases starts before He was the 456th person to be placed on the FBI 's most wanted list , which began in 1950 story: HAMILTON ( AP ) -- Kopp also is wanted for questioning in at least two other shootings of doctors who performed abortions . The Canadian warrant issued Monday charged Kopp with attempted murder in the 1995 shooting of Dr. Hugh Short , who was wounded in the elbow but survived the attack at his home in Ancaster , Ontario . ` ` It allows us to spread his name far and wide across Canada and say that he is wanted for attempted murder , ' ' said police Inspector Dave Bowen . Kopp , who is from Vermont , was indicted last year in the October 1998 shooting death of Dr. Barnet Slepian , an obstetrician in Buffalo , New York . He also is wanted in connection with the shooting of doctors in Winnipeg , Vancouver and Rochester , New York . Slepian was killed by a single gunshot fired from a wooded area through a window of his home . Kopp purports to be a devout Roman Catholic , and the majority of jobs he has held over the past 20 years have been related to the anti - abortion movement , the U.S. Justice Department said last year . He has been arrested more than a dozen times during abortion protests in seven states and Italy . The FBI says Kopp has  used 29 aliases . He  was the 456th person to be placed on the FBI 's most wanted list , which began in 1950 . Since then , 427 fugitives have been taken into custody or located , 133 of them as a result of citizen assistance , the FBI said . A total of $ 650,000 is being offered in the United States for information leading to Kopp 's arrest . 	answer: positive
event: Kopp used 29 aliases starts after He was the 456th person to be placed on the FBI 's most wanted list , which began in 1950 story: HAMILTON ( AP ) -- Kopp also is wanted for questioning in at least two other shootings of doctors who performed abortions . The Canadian warrant issued Monday charged Kopp with attempted murder in the 1995 shooting of Dr. Hugh Short , who was wounded in the elbow but survived the attack at his home in Ancaster , Ontario . ` ` It allows us to spread his name far and wide across Canada and say that he is wanted for attempted murder , ' ' said police Inspector Dave Bowen . Kopp , who is from Vermont , was indicted last year in the October 1998 shooting death of Dr. Barnet Slepian , an obstetrician in Buffalo , New York . He also is wanted in connection with the shooting of doctors in Winnipeg , Vancouver and Rochester , New York . Slepian was killed by a single gunshot fired from a wooded area through a window of his home . Kopp purports to be a devout Roman Catholic , and the majority of jobs he has held over the past 20 years have been related to the anti - abortion movement , the U.S. Justice Department said last year . He has been arrested more than a dozen times during abortion protests in seven states and Italy . The FBI says Kopp has  used 29 aliases . He  was the 456th person to be placed on the FBI 's most wanted list , which began in 1950 . Since then , 427 fugitives have been taken into custody or located , 133 of them as a result of citizen assistance , the FBI said . A total of $ 650,000 is being offered in the United States for information leading to Kopp 's arrest . 	answer: negative
event: Di Giorgio , a food wholesaler and building products maker , seeking alternatives to an unsolicited $ 32-a - share tender offer of DIG Acquisition Corp. , a unit of Rose Partners Limited Partnership starts after the vehicle used to pursue to acquisition story: Di Giorgio Corp. said it 's continuing talks with potential buyers of certain units , but has reached no agreement on any deals . Di Giorgio , a food wholesaler and building products maker , is  seeking alternatives to an unsolicited $ 32-a - share tender offer of DIG Acquisition Corp. , a unit of Rose Partners Limited Partnership . DIG is the vehicle being  used to pursue to acquisition . Robert Mellor , Di Giorgio 's executive vice president , said the company stands to reap more money through the sale of individual units to others than by accepting DIG 's offer . 	answer: positive
event: Di Giorgio , a food wholesaler and building products maker , seeking alternatives to an unsolicited $ 32-a - share tender offer of DIG Acquisition Corp. , a unit of Rose Partners Limited Partnership starts before the vehicle used to pursue to acquisition story: Di Giorgio Corp. said it 's continuing talks with potential buyers of certain units , but has reached no agreement on any deals . Di Giorgio , a food wholesaler and building products maker , is  seeking alternatives to an unsolicited $ 32-a - share tender offer of DIG Acquisition Corp. , a unit of Rose Partners Limited Partnership . DIG is the vehicle being  used to pursue to acquisition . Robert Mellor , Di Giorgio 's executive vice president , said the company stands to reap more money through the sale of individual units to others than by accepting DIG 's offer . 	answer: negative
event: Lazaro Rafael Munero who apparently organized the ill - fated journey on which Elian 's mother Elisabeth Brotons and 10 other people -- including Munero -- died starts after Munero who reportedly drove a taxi story: The Cuban leader said Elian had been especially loved by his parents because the mother had earlier suffered seven miscarriages . Earlier Friday , Cuba 's communist government celebrated the birth of independence hero Jose Marti on Friday with rallies calling for the return of Elian Gonzalez , the ` ` boy martyr ' ' at the center of an international custody battle . But this year , children wore T - shirts bearing Elian 's portrait with their school uniforms . In Old Havana , hundreds of children marched around the Parque Central chanting ` ` We will save Elian ! ' ' A small group of girls wore construction paper handcuffs -- an apparent reference to the government 's characterization of Elian 's retention in the United States as a ` ` kidnapping . ' ' Fidel Castro 's government has been using such traditional political events -- along with other rallies almost every day -- to draw attention to the case of Elian , who was rescued Nov. 25 while clinging to an inner tube . For the past two months , Elian 's father has demanded that the boy be returned to him in Cuba , and the U.S. government has said that father and son should be reunited . It offered more details and criticisms of the perceived treatment that Elian 's grandmothers , Mariela Quintana and Raquel Rodriguez , received from O'Laughlin , the Miami relatives and other anti - Castro Cubans during the encounter . ` ` What is important for me is that they return the boy to me as soon as possible . ' 	answer: positive
event: Lazaro Rafael Munero who apparently organized the ill - fated journey on which Elian 's mother Elisabeth Brotons and 10 other people -- including Munero -- died starts before Munero who reportedly drove a taxi story: The Cuban leader said Elian had been especially loved by his parents because the mother had earlier suffered seven miscarriages . Earlier Friday , Cuba 's communist government celebrated the birth of independence hero Jose Marti on Friday with rallies calling for the return of Elian Gonzalez , the ` ` boy martyr ' ' at the center of an international custody battle . But this year , children wore T - shirts bearing Elian 's portrait with their school uniforms . In Old Havana , hundreds of children marched around the Parque Central chanting ` ` We will save Elian ! ' ' A small group of girls wore construction paper handcuffs -- an apparent reference to the government 's characterization of Elian 's retention in the United States as a ` ` kidnapping . ' ' Fidel Castro 's government has been using such traditional political events -- along with other rallies almost every day -- to draw attention to the case of Elian , who was rescued Nov. 25 while clinging to an inner tube . For the past two months , Elian 's father has demanded that the boy be returned to him in Cuba , and the U.S. government has said that father and son should be reunited . It offered more details and criticisms of the perceived treatment that Elian 's grandmothers , Mariela Quintana and Raquel Rodriguez , received from O'Laughlin , the Miami relatives and other anti - Castro Cubans during the encounter . ` ` What is important for me is that they return the boy to me as soon as possible . ' 	answer: negative
event: Rated single - A-3 by Moody 's and triple - B by SampP the issue will sold through underwriters led by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets starts after priced at 101 1/4 to yield 5.75 % less full fees via LTCB International Ltd. story: The following were among Friday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non - U.S. capital markets , with terms and syndicate manager , as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report : @ CORPORATES Sun Microsystems Inc. -- $ 125 million of 6 3/8 % convertible subordinated debentures due Oct. 15 , 1999 , priced at 84.90 to yield 7.51 % . The debentures are convertible into common stock at $ 25 a share , representing a 24 % conversion premium over Thursday 's closing price . Rated single - B-1 by Moody 's Investors Service Inc. and single - B - plus by Standard amp Poor 's Corp. , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Goldman , Sachs amp Co. Hertz Corp. -- $ 100 million of senior notes due Nov. 1 , 2009 , priced at par to yield 9 % . The issue , which is puttable back to the company in 1999 , was priced at a spread of 110 basis points above the Treasury 's 10-year note . Rated single - A-3 by Moody 's and triple - B by SampP , the issue will be  sold through underwriters led by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets . @ EUROBONDS Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce ( Canada ) -- 10 billion yen of 5.7 % bonds due Nov. 17 , 1992 ,  priced at 101 1/4 to yield 5.75 % less full fees , via LTCB International Ltd. 	answer: positive
event: Rated single - A-3 by Moody 's and triple - B by SampP the issue will sold through underwriters led by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets starts before priced at 101 1/4 to yield 5.75 % less full fees via LTCB International Ltd. story: The following were among Friday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non - U.S. capital markets , with terms and syndicate manager , as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report : @ CORPORATES Sun Microsystems Inc. -- $ 125 million of 6 3/8 % convertible subordinated debentures due Oct. 15 , 1999 , priced at 84.90 to yield 7.51 % . The debentures are convertible into common stock at $ 25 a share , representing a 24 % conversion premium over Thursday 's closing price . Rated single - B-1 by Moody 's Investors Service Inc. and single - B - plus by Standard amp Poor 's Corp. , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Goldman , Sachs amp Co. Hertz Corp. -- $ 100 million of senior notes due Nov. 1 , 2009 , priced at par to yield 9 % . The issue , which is puttable back to the company in 1999 , was priced at a spread of 110 basis points above the Treasury 's 10-year note . Rated single - A-3 by Moody 's and triple - B by SampP , the issue will be  sold through underwriters led by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets . @ EUROBONDS Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce ( Canada ) -- 10 billion yen of 5.7 % bonds due Nov. 17 , 1992 ,  priced at 101 1/4 to yield 5.75 % less full fees , via LTCB International Ltd. 	answer: negative
event: Authorities said they believe the weapon may have been buried in advance of the shooting , with the killer digging it up to fire the shot , then reburying it and fleeing starts after where the sniper fired story: An abortion foe who is the subject of an international manhunt was charged with murder Thursday in the slaying of a doctor who was cut down in his kitchen by a sniper 's bullet . Federal and state arrest warrants were issued for James C. Kopp , 44 , of St. Albans , Vt . His whereabouts are unknown . In addition to a state charge of murder , Kopp faces a federal charge of violating the Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act by using deadly force against an abortion doctor . The federal charge also carries a fine of up to $ 250,000 . The newly filed charges will intensify the ongoing international manhunt , Tolbert said . In response to the new charges , Canadian officials confirmed that Kopp is a suspect in sniper shootings that injured abortion doctors in November in Vancouver , British Columbia ; Winnipeg , Manitoba ; and Hamilton , Ontario . Investigators would not divulge the evidence against Kopp but said last month 's discovery of a scope - equipped rifle buried near the Slepian home represented a major breakthrough . Slepian , 52 , was shot with a rifle . Kopp also has been linked , through DNA testing , to a strand of hair found near where the sniper  fired , law enforcement sources have said . His car was spotted in Slepian 's suburban Amherst neighborhood in the weeks before the shooting , and was found abandoned at New Jersey 's Newark International Airport in December , investigators said . ' He also is charged in three Atlanta attacks , including the 1996 Olympic bombing that killed one person . 	answer: positive
event: Authorities said they believe the weapon may have been buried in advance of the shooting , with the killer digging it up to fire the shot , then reburying it and fleeing starts before where the sniper fired story: An abortion foe who is the subject of an international manhunt was charged with murder Thursday in the slaying of a doctor who was cut down in his kitchen by a sniper 's bullet . Federal and state arrest warrants were issued for James C. Kopp , 44 , of St. Albans , Vt . His whereabouts are unknown . In addition to a state charge of murder , Kopp faces a federal charge of violating the Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act by using deadly force against an abortion doctor . The federal charge also carries a fine of up to $ 250,000 . The newly filed charges will intensify the ongoing international manhunt , Tolbert said . In response to the new charges , Canadian officials confirmed that Kopp is a suspect in sniper shootings that injured abortion doctors in November in Vancouver , British Columbia ; Winnipeg , Manitoba ; and Hamilton , Ontario . Investigators would not divulge the evidence against Kopp but said last month 's discovery of a scope - equipped rifle buried near the Slepian home represented a major breakthrough . Slepian , 52 , was shot with a rifle . Kopp also has been linked , through DNA testing , to a strand of hair found near where the sniper  fired , law enforcement sources have said . His car was spotted in Slepian 's suburban Amherst neighborhood in the weeks before the shooting , and was found abandoned at New Jersey 's Newark International Airport in December , investigators said . ' He also is charged in three Atlanta attacks , including the 1996 Olympic bombing that killed one person . 	answer: negative
event: The number of visitors to Tanzania jumped from fewer than 100,000 in 1980 to more than 300,000 last year prompting the government to improve roads needed for safari tours starts before they develop it now story: WASHINGTON _ Tour operators who specialize in travel in Kenya and Tanzania , which boast some of Africa 's best game parks and sunniest beaches , say there have been no mass cancellations as a result of the Aug. 7 Embassy bombings in Nairobi , the Kenyan capital , and Dar es Salaam , Tanzania , which left more than 250 people dead . But they report a number of worried calls from prospective travelers , many of them alarmed by the possibility of more terrorist attacks in the region . New public announcements put out on Aug. 13 suggest only that Americans ` ` exercise caution ' ' when visiting Kenya and Tanzania . Embassy employees in both cities have gone back to work , although in new locations . The embassy in Dar es Salaam suffered less damage from the blast , although it , too , may have to be razed . Still , the televised images of the charred hulks of the American Embassy buildings will likely haunt the travel industry in East Africa for years . ` ` We do expect a little downward movement in the industry . ' ' The bombing will doubtless set back those efforts . Tourism has never been so well - developed an industry in neighboring Tanzania , which is home to Mt. Kilimanjaro , the magnificent wildlife of Serengeti National Park and the exotic island of Zanzibar . It was more pristine . ' ' They understand , he said , that increasingly terrorism knows no borders . 	answer: positive
event: The number of visitors to Tanzania jumped from fewer than 100,000 in 1980 to more than 300,000 last year prompting the government to improve roads needed for safari tours starts after they develop it now story: WASHINGTON _ Tour operators who specialize in travel in Kenya and Tanzania , which boast some of Africa 's best game parks and sunniest beaches , say there have been no mass cancellations as a result of the Aug. 7 Embassy bombings in Nairobi , the Kenyan capital , and Dar es Salaam , Tanzania , which left more than 250 people dead . But they report a number of worried calls from prospective travelers , many of them alarmed by the possibility of more terrorist attacks in the region . New public announcements put out on Aug. 13 suggest only that Americans ` ` exercise caution ' ' when visiting Kenya and Tanzania . Embassy employees in both cities have gone back to work , although in new locations . The embassy in Dar es Salaam suffered less damage from the blast , although it , too , may have to be razed . Still , the televised images of the charred hulks of the American Embassy buildings will likely haunt the travel industry in East Africa for years . ` ` We do expect a little downward movement in the industry . ' ' The bombing will doubtless set back those efforts . Tourism has never been so well - developed an industry in neighboring Tanzania , which is home to Mt. Kilimanjaro , the magnificent wildlife of Serengeti National Park and the exotic island of Zanzibar . It was more pristine . ' ' They understand , he said , that increasingly terrorism knows no borders . 	answer: negative
event: the death toll in Lebanon mounted starts before a growing grassroots movement calling for Israel 's unilateral withdrawal from Lebanon story: JERUSALEM ( AP ) Top Israeli officials sent strong new signals Sunday that Israel wants to withdraw from southern Lebanon , where a costly war of attrition has been steadily claiming soldiers ' lives . ` ` If the Lebanese government will cooperate with us in making appropriate security arrangements in south Lebanon , we will be happy to get out of Lebanon in the framework of implementation of U.N. Resolution 425 , ' ' Netanyahu told his ministers . That 1978 resolution calls for Israel 's unconditional withdrawal from the self - declared security zone it occupies in south Lebanon , and for the deployment of the Lebanese army and U.N. forces to ensure security along the Lebanese - Israeli border . ` ` We will defend our north from the international border , ' ' said Eitan , the science minister . ` ` This is a new thing ... Since 1985 _ when the Israelis created a security buffer zone southern Lebanon _ nearly 200 Israeli soldiers have been killed fighting Hezbollah and other guerrillas . The Israelis suffered a record 39 deaths in southern Lebanon last year . In addition , 73 soldiers were killed en route to Lebanon when two military helicopters crashed last February . Two top aides to Netanyahu , political adviser Uzi Arad and Cabinet Secretary Danny Naveh , left for Europe on Sunday , apparently to investigate the Syrian issue , the newspaper said . Defense Minister Yitzhak Mordechai was the first senior Israeli official to refer to U.N. resolution 425 in a speech six weeks ago , saying at the time he was willing to withdraw troops in exchange for guarantees that Israel would not be attacked . 	answer: positive
event: the death toll in Lebanon mounted starts after a growing grassroots movement calling for Israel 's unilateral withdrawal from Lebanon story: JERUSALEM ( AP ) Top Israeli officials sent strong new signals Sunday that Israel wants to withdraw from southern Lebanon , where a costly war of attrition has been steadily claiming soldiers ' lives . ` ` If the Lebanese government will cooperate with us in making appropriate security arrangements in south Lebanon , we will be happy to get out of Lebanon in the framework of implementation of U.N. Resolution 425 , ' ' Netanyahu told his ministers . That 1978 resolution calls for Israel 's unconditional withdrawal from the self - declared security zone it occupies in south Lebanon , and for the deployment of the Lebanese army and U.N. forces to ensure security along the Lebanese - Israeli border . ` ` We will defend our north from the international border , ' ' said Eitan , the science minister . ` ` This is a new thing ... Since 1985 _ when the Israelis created a security buffer zone southern Lebanon _ nearly 200 Israeli soldiers have been killed fighting Hezbollah and other guerrillas . The Israelis suffered a record 39 deaths in southern Lebanon last year . In addition , 73 soldiers were killed en route to Lebanon when two military helicopters crashed last February . Two top aides to Netanyahu , political adviser Uzi Arad and Cabinet Secretary Danny Naveh , left for Europe on Sunday , apparently to investigate the Syrian issue , the newspaper said . Defense Minister Yitzhak Mordechai was the first senior Israeli official to refer to U.N. resolution 425 in a speech six weeks ago , saying at the time he was willing to withdraw troops in exchange for guarantees that Israel would not be attacked . 	answer: negative
event: high risk junk bonds sold by Keating 's employees at Lincoln savings and loan starts before The bonds became worthless when the bankrupt thrift was seized by government regulators story: Former savings and loan chief , Charles Keating , is facing more legal troubles in California . A federal appeals court has reinstated his state convictions for securities fraud . NPR 's Elaine Corey has more from San Francisco . In nineteen ninety - one Charles Keating was convicted in state court of helping to defraud thousands of investors who bought high risk junk bonds  sold by Keating 's employees at Lincoln savings and loan . The bonds  became worthless when the bankrupt thrift was seized by government regulators . Keating 's convictions were thrown out in nineteen ninety - six on a technicality . And on that basis Keating was released from prison before he was eligible for parole . Now the ninth US circuit court of appeals has ruled that the original appeal was flawed since it brought up issues that had not been raised before . That means the convictions stand , a ruling likely to send Keating 's lawyers back to state court where they must start over with a new appeal . Elaine Corey , NPR news , San Francisco . 	answer: positive
event: high risk junk bonds sold by Keating 's employees at Lincoln savings and loan starts after The bonds became worthless when the bankrupt thrift was seized by government regulators story: Former savings and loan chief , Charles Keating , is facing more legal troubles in California . A federal appeals court has reinstated his state convictions for securities fraud . NPR 's Elaine Corey has more from San Francisco . In nineteen ninety - one Charles Keating was convicted in state court of helping to defraud thousands of investors who bought high risk junk bonds  sold by Keating 's employees at Lincoln savings and loan . The bonds  became worthless when the bankrupt thrift was seized by government regulators . Keating 's convictions were thrown out in nineteen ninety - six on a technicality . And on that basis Keating was released from prison before he was eligible for parole . Now the ninth US circuit court of appeals has ruled that the original appeal was flawed since it brought up issues that had not been raised before . That means the convictions stand , a ruling likely to send Keating 's lawyers back to state court where they must start over with a new appeal . Elaine Corey , NPR news , San Francisco . 	answer: negative
event: Juan Miguel Gonzalez arrived in the United States April 2 starts before Reno ordered the Miami relatives to surrender the child to his father story: ( Undated ) Elian Gonzalez will remain in the United States for at least two more weeks even after a federal appeals court Thursday refused to order a political asylum hearing for the fought - over Cuban child . ' ` ` We acknowledge , as a widely accepted truth , that Cuba does violate human rights and fundamental freedoms and does not guarantee the rule of law to people living in Cuba , ' ' wrote Judge J.L. Edmonson , on behalf of the panel . Elian was rescued off the coast of Florida by two American fishermen last November after the boat he was in capsized . Shortly after the appellate panel released its decision , attorney Coffey filed an emergency request to Supreme Court Justice Anthony M. Kennedy ( who has jurisdiction over such matters from Florida ) requesting assurance that Elian will remain in the United States until the full Supreme Court can consider a formal appeal . But Reno said the request to Kennedy serves no purpose since the injunction blocking Elian 's return to Cuba still applies . However , Justice Department officials said the appellate court could decide to waive the extra seven - day period . Protesters were beginning to gather outside the Miami relatives ' home even before the ruling was issued . Jose Basulto , founder of Brothers to the Rescue , a Cuban exile group that frequently rescues Cuban refugees from the Straits of Florida , called the latest ruling ` ` outrageous . ' ' ` ` The saga of Elian Gonzalez is a turning point in relations in the Cuban community and the United States , ' ' 	answer: positive
event: Juan Miguel Gonzalez arrived in the United States April 2 starts after Reno ordered the Miami relatives to surrender the child to his father story: ( Undated ) Elian Gonzalez will remain in the United States for at least two more weeks even after a federal appeals court Thursday refused to order a political asylum hearing for the fought - over Cuban child . ' ` ` We acknowledge , as a widely accepted truth , that Cuba does violate human rights and fundamental freedoms and does not guarantee the rule of law to people living in Cuba , ' ' wrote Judge J.L. Edmonson , on behalf of the panel . Elian was rescued off the coast of Florida by two American fishermen last November after the boat he was in capsized . Shortly after the appellate panel released its decision , attorney Coffey filed an emergency request to Supreme Court Justice Anthony M. Kennedy ( who has jurisdiction over such matters from Florida ) requesting assurance that Elian will remain in the United States until the full Supreme Court can consider a formal appeal . But Reno said the request to Kennedy serves no purpose since the injunction blocking Elian 's return to Cuba still applies . However , Justice Department officials said the appellate court could decide to waive the extra seven - day period . Protesters were beginning to gather outside the Miami relatives ' home even before the ruling was issued . Jose Basulto , founder of Brothers to the Rescue , a Cuban exile group that frequently rescues Cuban refugees from the Straits of Florida , called the latest ruling ` ` outrageous . ' ' ` ` The saga of Elian Gonzalez is a turning point in relations in the Cuban community and the United States , ' ' 	answer: negative
event: A federal grand jury already addressing the slaying under laws that prohibit violence against providers of abortion starts after laws that prohibit violence against providers of abortion story: With the finding of a buried rifle 11 days ago , the authorities in the Buffalo , N.Y. , area say they have gathered enough evidence in the October slaying of Dr. Barnett Slepian to begin presenting a murder case to a state grand jury as early as next week . Slepian was the mainstay of Buffalo 's only abortion clinic before he was shot to death last Oct. 23 at his home in suburban Amherst . Clark said it was easier to seek extradition of an indicted suspect from another state or a foreign country than of someone wanted as a material witness . For now , though , that would be a theoretical advantage since the authorities have admitted they have no idea where Kopp is . Clark said other evidence that prosecutors might present includes a strand of human hair found at the wooded firing site that has a ` ` high likelihood ' ' of matching Kopp 's hair and testimony from a jogger who spotted Kopp 's car near Slepian 's house at 6 a.m. ten days before the shooting . There also are videotapes of Kopp 's car crossing the Canadian border around the days that three Canadian doctors who perform abortions were shot at . None of those doctors were killed . If a suspect is caught and charged in both state and federal courts , a state trial would likely precede a federal one , giving the authorities two chances to prosecute . New York State double - jeopardy laws would make it difficult to prosecute a suspect who had been found not guilty at a federal trial . 	answer: positive
event: A federal grand jury already addressing the slaying under laws that prohibit violence against providers of abortion starts before laws that prohibit violence against providers of abortion story: With the finding of a buried rifle 11 days ago , the authorities in the Buffalo , N.Y. , area say they have gathered enough evidence in the October slaying of Dr. Barnett Slepian to begin presenting a murder case to a state grand jury as early as next week . Slepian was the mainstay of Buffalo 's only abortion clinic before he was shot to death last Oct. 23 at his home in suburban Amherst . Clark said it was easier to seek extradition of an indicted suspect from another state or a foreign country than of someone wanted as a material witness . For now , though , that would be a theoretical advantage since the authorities have admitted they have no idea where Kopp is . Clark said other evidence that prosecutors might present includes a strand of human hair found at the wooded firing site that has a ` ` high likelihood ' ' of matching Kopp 's hair and testimony from a jogger who spotted Kopp 's car near Slepian 's house at 6 a.m. ten days before the shooting . There also are videotapes of Kopp 's car crossing the Canadian border around the days that three Canadian doctors who perform abortions were shot at . None of those doctors were killed . If a suspect is caught and charged in both state and federal courts , a state trial would likely precede a federal one , giving the authorities two chances to prosecute . New York State double - jeopardy laws would make it difficult to prosecute a suspect who had been found not guilty at a federal trial . 	answer: negative
event: whose last known addresses were in Vermont and New Jersey starts before A jogger curious why a stranger would be parked there so early wrote the license plate number story: Based on physical evidence _ including a rifle found in April month buried near the doctor 's house and a match between fibers found near the murder and others found in Kopp 's car _ officials said they had decided to issue a warrant for his arrest in the killing of Dr. Barnett Slepian . There was no official confirmation of the decision to upgrade the warrant , but Denise O'Donnell , the U.S. attorney for the Western District of New York in Buffalo , has scheduled a news conference Thursday to announce a ` ` major development ' ' in the Slepian murder investigation . Erie County District Attorney Frank Clark , Bernard Tolbert , the special FBI agent in charge of the Buffalo office , and other investigators will also be there . Since there is no federal homicide statute as such , the federal officials said Kopp could be charged under the recent Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act , which provides for a sentence of up to life imprisonment for someone convicted of physical assaults or threats against abortion providers . If Kopp were also indicted and convicted on state murder charges , he could face the death penalty . Slepian , a 52-year - old obstetrician and gynecologist who was the mainstay of Buffalo 's only abortion clinic , was shot to death on the night of Oct. 23 as he stood in the kitchen of his home in suburban Amherst , N.Y. chatting with his wife and one of his four sons . No weapon was recovered in the first police searches of the area around Slepian 's home . 	answer: positive
event: whose last known addresses were in Vermont and New Jersey starts after A jogger curious why a stranger would be parked there so early wrote the license plate number story: Based on physical evidence _ including a rifle found in April month buried near the doctor 's house and a match between fibers found near the murder and others found in Kopp 's car _ officials said they had decided to issue a warrant for his arrest in the killing of Dr. Barnett Slepian . There was no official confirmation of the decision to upgrade the warrant , but Denise O'Donnell , the U.S. attorney for the Western District of New York in Buffalo , has scheduled a news conference Thursday to announce a ` ` major development ' ' in the Slepian murder investigation . Erie County District Attorney Frank Clark , Bernard Tolbert , the special FBI agent in charge of the Buffalo office , and other investigators will also be there . Since there is no federal homicide statute as such , the federal officials said Kopp could be charged under the recent Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act , which provides for a sentence of up to life imprisonment for someone convicted of physical assaults or threats against abortion providers . If Kopp were also indicted and convicted on state murder charges , he could face the death penalty . Slepian , a 52-year - old obstetrician and gynecologist who was the mainstay of Buffalo 's only abortion clinic , was shot to death on the night of Oct. 23 as he stood in the kitchen of his home in suburban Amherst , N.Y. chatting with his wife and one of his four sons . No weapon was recovered in the first police searches of the area around Slepian 's home . 	answer: negative
event: it informed Friday that it violated MindSpring 's policy on ` ` threatening and harassing language starts before Horsley called the move a ` ` temporary setback story: ATLANTA ( AP ) -- The creator of an anti - abortion Web site found to be a threat to abortion providers says a decision to shut the site down is just a ` ` temporary setback . ' ' Neal Horsley said Friday that he would seek a new Internet service for his ` ` Nuremburg Files ' ' site , which was the focus of a federal court trial that led to a $ 107 million verdict this week in favor of abortion providers . Horsley was not a defendant in the suit , in which the Portland , Ore. , jury ruled that such sites constitute threats to abortion providers . MindSpring , which provided the Internet space for the site , closed it Thursday night for violating ` ` our appropriate use policies , ' ' spokesman Serge Clermont said . The Web site included the names and addresses of abortion doctors and featured photos of mangled fetuses and drawings of dripping blood . Three times , doctors whose names appeared on the list were killed , most recently last October when Dr. Barnett Slepian was gunned down by sniper fire in his home outside Buffalo , N.Y. His name on the Web site was crossed out that same day . Pathway Communications , which has maintained the site , said in a statement that ` ` The Nuremberg Files ' ' was knocked off - line without notice . ' Horsley  called the move a ` ` temporary setback . ' ' ` ` We are presently searching for a bolder and more principled ( Internet service provider ) to host the Nuremburg Files , ' ' the statement said . 	answer: positive
event: it informed Friday that it violated MindSpring 's policy on ` ` threatening and harassing language starts after Horsley called the move a ` ` temporary setback story: ATLANTA ( AP ) -- The creator of an anti - abortion Web site found to be a threat to abortion providers says a decision to shut the site down is just a ` ` temporary setback . ' ' Neal Horsley said Friday that he would seek a new Internet service for his ` ` Nuremburg Files ' ' site , which was the focus of a federal court trial that led to a $ 107 million verdict this week in favor of abortion providers . Horsley was not a defendant in the suit , in which the Portland , Ore. , jury ruled that such sites constitute threats to abortion providers . MindSpring , which provided the Internet space for the site , closed it Thursday night for violating ` ` our appropriate use policies , ' ' spokesman Serge Clermont said . The Web site included the names and addresses of abortion doctors and featured photos of mangled fetuses and drawings of dripping blood . Three times , doctors whose names appeared on the list were killed , most recently last October when Dr. Barnett Slepian was gunned down by sniper fire in his home outside Buffalo , N.Y. His name on the Web site was crossed out that same day . Pathway Communications , which has maintained the site , said in a statement that ` ` The Nuremberg Files ' ' was knocked off - line without notice . ' Horsley  called the move a ` ` temporary setback . ' ' ` ` We are presently searching for a bolder and more principled ( Internet service provider ) to host the Nuremburg Files , ' ' the statement said . 	answer: negative
event: they opposed abortion starts before they hoped the perpetrator was caught story: Additional details of the slaying emerged on Sunday . The doctor 's wife and one of his sons were in the kitchen when the shooting occurred , Murray said . Slepian 's wife and one son tried to revive him . For the most part , people on both sides of the abortion issue expressed outrage at the shooting . Whoever shot the shot protected the children . ' ' Most other opponents of abortion , however , condemned the shooting and abortion . In his Sunday Mass at St. Patrick 's Cathedral in New York , Cardinal John O'Connor called the murder wrong but he urged those angered by the slaying to be equally angered by abortions . ` ` He called on many of the same people to express outrage at partial birth abortion , which he called the equivalent of infanticide , ' ' Joseph Zwilling , a spokesman for the Archdiocese of New York , said of the cardinal 's sermon . Bishop Henry Mansell of the Archdiocese of Buffalo said it was ` ` an act of madness , ' ' ' Susan Dudley , deputy director of the National Abortion Federation , assailed the remarks and called on anti - abortion groups to shift their tactics . ` ` They are the ones who call these doctors murderers . ' ' In Amherst , residents who said they  opposed abortion decried the attack and said they  hoped the perpetrator was caught . ` ` The only people that are left are the hard - core , fanatical people , ' ' said Larry Finkelstien , a high school teacher who works as an escort at abortion clinics . ` ` Everyone else has gone away . ' ' 	answer: positive
event: they opposed abortion starts after they hoped the perpetrator was caught story: Additional details of the slaying emerged on Sunday . The doctor 's wife and one of his sons were in the kitchen when the shooting occurred , Murray said . Slepian 's wife and one son tried to revive him . For the most part , people on both sides of the abortion issue expressed outrage at the shooting . Whoever shot the shot protected the children . ' ' Most other opponents of abortion , however , condemned the shooting and abortion . In his Sunday Mass at St. Patrick 's Cathedral in New York , Cardinal John O'Connor called the murder wrong but he urged those angered by the slaying to be equally angered by abortions . ` ` He called on many of the same people to express outrage at partial birth abortion , which he called the equivalent of infanticide , ' ' Joseph Zwilling , a spokesman for the Archdiocese of New York , said of the cardinal 's sermon . Bishop Henry Mansell of the Archdiocese of Buffalo said it was ` ` an act of madness , ' ' ' Susan Dudley , deputy director of the National Abortion Federation , assailed the remarks and called on anti - abortion groups to shift their tactics . ` ` They are the ones who call these doctors murderers . ' ' In Amherst , residents who said they  opposed abortion decried the attack and said they  hoped the perpetrator was caught . ` ` The only people that are left are the hard - core , fanatical people , ' ' said Larry Finkelstien , a high school teacher who works as an escort at abortion clinics . ` ` Everyone else has gone away . ' ' 	answer: negative
event: But many Russians -- and some Americans -- are wary about the eastward encroachment of NATO starts after the common European security system that discussed at the end of the Cold War story: ( AP)-- Poland , Hungary and the Czech Republic today became full - fledged members of NATO , less than a decade after exchanging communist rule for democracy and shedding their Cold War military ties to the Soviet Union . ` ` Hallelujah , ' ' It was during the Truman presidency that the North Atlantic Treaty Organization was founded to halt the westward spread of Soviet - led communism . ` ` It is for me very symbolic that it is precisely here that we today accept the guarantee that my country never again will become the powerless victim of foreign invasion , ' ' Kavan said . The new additions bring the total to 19 and many other hopefuls are waiting in the wings : Slovenia , Romania , Bulgaria , Slovakia , Lithuania , Estonia and Latvia . Just what NATO will do with these eager applicants is not clear . ' NATO Secretary General Javier Solana says , ` ` The accession of the Czech Republic , Hungary and Poland ... is perhaps the clearest demonstration of the fact that Europe is growing closer together . ' ' ` ` Extending membership to these three democracies helps to stabilize a region that historically has been the staging ground for many of the disasters of this century . ' ' But many Russians -- and some Americans --  are wary about the eastward encroachment of NATO . Russian Foreign Minister Igor Ivanov calls extending NATO membership into Eastern Europe ` ` a movement in the wrong direction . ' ' ` ` All European states must cooperate in creating a joint security system , ' ' he was quoted as saying . 	answer: positive
event: But many Russians -- and some Americans -- are wary about the eastward encroachment of NATO starts before the common European security system that discussed at the end of the Cold War story: ( AP)-- Poland , Hungary and the Czech Republic today became full - fledged members of NATO , less than a decade after exchanging communist rule for democracy and shedding their Cold War military ties to the Soviet Union . ` ` Hallelujah , ' ' It was during the Truman presidency that the North Atlantic Treaty Organization was founded to halt the westward spread of Soviet - led communism . ` ` It is for me very symbolic that it is precisely here that we today accept the guarantee that my country never again will become the powerless victim of foreign invasion , ' ' Kavan said . The new additions bring the total to 19 and many other hopefuls are waiting in the wings : Slovenia , Romania , Bulgaria , Slovakia , Lithuania , Estonia and Latvia . Just what NATO will do with these eager applicants is not clear . ' NATO Secretary General Javier Solana says , ` ` The accession of the Czech Republic , Hungary and Poland ... is perhaps the clearest demonstration of the fact that Europe is growing closer together . ' ' ` ` Extending membership to these three democracies helps to stabilize a region that historically has been the staging ground for many of the disasters of this century . ' ' But many Russians -- and some Americans --  are wary about the eastward encroachment of NATO . Russian Foreign Minister Igor Ivanov calls extending NATO membership into Eastern Europe ` ` a movement in the wrong direction . ' ' ` ` All European states must cooperate in creating a joint security system , ' ' he was quoted as saying . 	answer: negative
event: In the year - ago quarter the company reported net income of $ 1.9 million , or 29 cents a share starts before The company also adopted an anti - takeover plan story: GOODY PRODUCTS Inc. cut its quarterly dividend to five cents a share from 11.5 cents a share . The reduced dividend is payable Jan. 2 to stock of record Dec. 15 . The Kearny , N.J.-based maker of hair accessories and other cosmetic products said it cut the dividend due to its third - quarter loss of $ 992,000 , or 15 cents a share . In the year - ago quarter , the company  reported net income of $ 1.9 million , or 29 cents a share . The company also  adopted an anti - takeover plan . 	answer: positive
event: In the year - ago quarter the company reported net income of $ 1.9 million , or 29 cents a share starts after The company also adopted an anti - takeover plan story: GOODY PRODUCTS Inc. cut its quarterly dividend to five cents a share from 11.5 cents a share . The reduced dividend is payable Jan. 2 to stock of record Dec. 15 . The Kearny , N.J.-based maker of hair accessories and other cosmetic products said it cut the dividend due to its third - quarter loss of $ 992,000 , or 15 cents a share . In the year - ago quarter , the company  reported net income of $ 1.9 million , or 29 cents a share . The company also  adopted an anti - takeover plan . 	answer: negative
event: Fidelity 's junk fund fallen 2.08 % this year through Oct. 19 starts before Fidelity 's junk fund has fallen 2.08 % this year through Oct. 19 Lipper says story: It made the estimates based on data collected from more than a dozen big junk funds . If the heavy outflows continue , fund managers will face increasing pressure to sell off some of their junk to pay departing investors in the weeks ahead . Mutual fund groups have n't lost control of much of the outgoing money , says Louis Harvey , Dalbar 's president . Other funds hold a smattering of junk bonds , too . The $ 1.5 billion Fidelity High Income Fund has had a net outflow of about $ 150 million in the past two months . You get a news item , it hits , you have strong redemptions that day and for two days following -- then go back to normal , " says Mr. Litvack . Vanguard 's $ 1 billion High Yield Bond Portfolio has seen $ 161 million flow out since early September ; $ 14 million of that seeped out Friday Oct. 13 alone . Still , two - thirds of the outflow has been steered into other Vanguard portfolios , says Brian Mattes , a vice president . At the $ 932 million T. Rowe Price High Yield Fund , investors yanked out about $ 182 million in the past two months . Through Oct. 19 , high - yield funds had an average 0.85 % total return ( the price change plus dividends on fund shares ) , according to Funds might be forced to accept lower prices if they expand their selling to the securities of less - creditworthy borrowers . Says Michael Hirsch , chief investment officer of Republic National Bank and manager of the FundTrust Group in New York : " It 's a time bomb just waiting to go off . 	answer: positive
event: Fidelity 's junk fund fallen 2.08 % this year through Oct. 19 starts after Fidelity 's junk fund has fallen 2.08 % this year through Oct. 19 Lipper says story: It made the estimates based on data collected from more than a dozen big junk funds . If the heavy outflows continue , fund managers will face increasing pressure to sell off some of their junk to pay departing investors in the weeks ahead . Mutual fund groups have n't lost control of much of the outgoing money , says Louis Harvey , Dalbar 's president . Other funds hold a smattering of junk bonds , too . The $ 1.5 billion Fidelity High Income Fund has had a net outflow of about $ 150 million in the past two months . You get a news item , it hits , you have strong redemptions that day and for two days following -- then go back to normal , " says Mr. Litvack . Vanguard 's $ 1 billion High Yield Bond Portfolio has seen $ 161 million flow out since early September ; $ 14 million of that seeped out Friday Oct. 13 alone . Still , two - thirds of the outflow has been steered into other Vanguard portfolios , says Brian Mattes , a vice president . At the $ 932 million T. Rowe Price High Yield Fund , investors yanked out about $ 182 million in the past two months . Through Oct. 19 , high - yield funds had an average 0.85 % total return ( the price change plus dividends on fund shares ) , according to Funds might be forced to accept lower prices if they expand their selling to the securities of less - creditworthy borrowers . Says Michael Hirsch , chief investment officer of Republic National Bank and manager of the FundTrust Group in New York : " It 's a time bomb just waiting to go off . 	answer: negative
event: The sale represents 10.2 % of Meridian 's shares outstanding starts after The McAlpine family , which operates a number of multinational companies , including a London - based engineering and construction company also lent to Meridian National $ 500,000 story: Meridian National Corp. said it sold 750,000 shares of its common stock to the McAlpine family interests , for $ 1 million , or $ 1.35 a share . The sale  represents 10.2 % of Meridian 's shares outstanding . The McAlpine family , which operates a number of multinational companies , including a London - based engineering and construction company , also  lent to Meridian National $ 500,000 . That amount is convertible into shares of Meridian common stock at $ 2 a share during its one - year term . The loan may be extended by the McAlpine group for an additional year with an increase in the conversion price to $ 2.50 a share . The sale of shares to the McAlpine family along with the recent sale of 750,000 shares of Meridian stock to Haden MacLellan Holding PLC of Surrey , England and a recent public offering have increased Meridian 's net worth to $ 8.5 million , said William Feniger , chief executive officer of Toledo , Ohio - based Meridian . 	answer: positive
event: The sale represents 10.2 % of Meridian 's shares outstanding starts before The McAlpine family , which operates a number of multinational companies , including a London - based engineering and construction company also lent to Meridian National $ 500,000 story: Meridian National Corp. said it sold 750,000 shares of its common stock to the McAlpine family interests , for $ 1 million , or $ 1.35 a share . The sale  represents 10.2 % of Meridian 's shares outstanding . The McAlpine family , which operates a number of multinational companies , including a London - based engineering and construction company , also  lent to Meridian National $ 500,000 . That amount is convertible into shares of Meridian common stock at $ 2 a share during its one - year term . The loan may be extended by the McAlpine group for an additional year with an increase in the conversion price to $ 2.50 a share . The sale of shares to the McAlpine family along with the recent sale of 750,000 shares of Meridian stock to Haden MacLellan Holding PLC of Surrey , England and a recent public offering have increased Meridian 's net worth to $ 8.5 million , said William Feniger , chief executive officer of Toledo , Ohio - based Meridian . 	answer: negative
event: when their boat sank as they attempted to reach Florida starts before Roger Bernstein representing the Miami Gonzalez family story: Lawyers for the boy 's family in Miami sent letters of protest to Attorney General Janet Reno and President Clinton and said they were prepared to file a court appeal if Reno and Clinton spurn the Gonzalez family . Anti - Castro demonstrators thronged the street near the local INS office in Miami Wednesday , demanding that Elian be allowed to stay . the U.S. Congress ' ' would still put up a fight to keep the boy . Since the boy is so young , Meissner said , the natural father has the right to speak for Elian . There is ` ` no information ' ' that Gonzalez , who was divorced from Elian 's mother , is an unfit father , nor that he has been coerced by the Castro regime into pleading for his son 's return , Meissner said . The INS offered three options : that Gonzalez come to pick up his son , that the family in Miami take him to Cuba , or that a ` ` third party ' ' escort the child to his homeland . ` ` This was a simple child custody case . ' ' ` ` Every state court and every family court in the United States would award custody to a surviving parent rather than a distant relative who lives a more prosperous life , ' ' said David Abraham , a professor at Miami Law School and expert in custody law . ` ` With two members of Congress representing Elian 's family 's constituency , I do n't see how Elian could be returned by the federal government without it going through the court system , ' ' Nuccio said . 	answer: positive
event: when their boat sank as they attempted to reach Florida starts after Roger Bernstein representing the Miami Gonzalez family story: Lawyers for the boy 's family in Miami sent letters of protest to Attorney General Janet Reno and President Clinton and said they were prepared to file a court appeal if Reno and Clinton spurn the Gonzalez family . Anti - Castro demonstrators thronged the street near the local INS office in Miami Wednesday , demanding that Elian be allowed to stay . the U.S. Congress ' ' would still put up a fight to keep the boy . Since the boy is so young , Meissner said , the natural father has the right to speak for Elian . There is ` ` no information ' ' that Gonzalez , who was divorced from Elian 's mother , is an unfit father , nor that he has been coerced by the Castro regime into pleading for his son 's return , Meissner said . The INS offered three options : that Gonzalez come to pick up his son , that the family in Miami take him to Cuba , or that a ` ` third party ' ' escort the child to his homeland . ` ` This was a simple child custody case . ' ' ` ` Every state court and every family court in the United States would award custody to a surviving parent rather than a distant relative who lives a more prosperous life , ' ' said David Abraham , a professor at Miami Law School and expert in custody law . ` ` With two members of Congress representing Elian 's family 's constituency , I do n't see how Elian could be returned by the federal government without it going through the court system , ' ' Nuccio said . 	answer: negative
event: The candy businesses had sales of about $ 154 million last year , which was roughly 12 % of total revenue for RJR 's Planters LifeSavers unit according to a memorandum distributed by RJR 's owner , Kohlberg Kravis Roberts amp Co. , to bankers last December starts before according story: The sale , at a higher price than some analysts had expected , helps the food and tobacco giant raise funds to pay debt and boosts Nestle 's 7 % share of the U.S. candy market to about 12 % . The Nestle acquisition includes a candy plant in Franklin Park , Ill. , which employs about 800 workers . The sale , which had been expected , is part of KKR 's program to pay down $ 5 billion of a $ 6 billion bridge loan by February . Roughly $ 2 billion of that debt has already been repaid from previous asset sales , and RJR expects to use another $ 2 billion from the pending , two - part sale of most of its Del Monte unit . Thus , it remains crucial for RJR to obtain top dollar for its smaller assets like the candy brands . Louis Gerstner Jr. , chairman and chief executive officer of New York - based RJR , called the sale a " significant step " in the company 's divestiture program , as well as a " a strategic divestiture . " RJR 's executives have said they will dispense with certain brands , in particular , that are n't leaders in their markets . RJR Nabisco and Planters LifeSavers will concentrate more on our own core businesses , " Mr. Gerstner said Friday . Nestle 's share of 7 % before Friday 's purchases is far below the shares of market leaders Hershey Foods Corp. and Mars Inc. , which have about 40 % and 36 % of the market , respectively . " " Nestle S.A. is based in Vevey , Switzerland . 	answer: positive
event: The candy businesses had sales of about $ 154 million last year , which was roughly 12 % of total revenue for RJR 's Planters LifeSavers unit according to a memorandum distributed by RJR 's owner , Kohlberg Kravis Roberts amp Co. , to bankers last December starts after according story: The sale , at a higher price than some analysts had expected , helps the food and tobacco giant raise funds to pay debt and boosts Nestle 's 7 % share of the U.S. candy market to about 12 % . The Nestle acquisition includes a candy plant in Franklin Park , Ill. , which employs about 800 workers . The sale , which had been expected , is part of KKR 's program to pay down $ 5 billion of a $ 6 billion bridge loan by February . Roughly $ 2 billion of that debt has already been repaid from previous asset sales , and RJR expects to use another $ 2 billion from the pending , two - part sale of most of its Del Monte unit . Thus , it remains crucial for RJR to obtain top dollar for its smaller assets like the candy brands . Louis Gerstner Jr. , chairman and chief executive officer of New York - based RJR , called the sale a " significant step " in the company 's divestiture program , as well as a " a strategic divestiture . " RJR 's executives have said they will dispense with certain brands , in particular , that are n't leaders in their markets . RJR Nabisco and Planters LifeSavers will concentrate more on our own core businesses , " Mr. Gerstner said Friday . Nestle 's share of 7 % before Friday 's purchases is far below the shares of market leaders Hershey Foods Corp. and Mars Inc. , which have about 40 % and 36 % of the market , respectively . " " Nestle S.A. is based in Vevey , Switzerland . 	answer: negative
event: Another highly placed source said the president 's son met with Sununu last week after holding a series of conversations about the structure of the White House staff and of the campaign with other Bush loyalists and GOP activists starts after the president 's son holding a series of conversations about the structure of the White House staff and of the campaign with other Bush loyalists and GOP activists story: One of President Bush 's sons has informed White House Chief of Staff John Sununu that he has lost much of his support among Republicans , prompting an intense effort by Sununu to hold on to his job by demonstrating his GOP backing , White House and Republican sources said Monday . Sununu was told Wednesday by Bush 's son , George , that he had alienated members of the Cabinet , the White House staff and the Republican political community , creating a situation that puts his effectiveness in significant doubt , the sources said . The message to the chief of staff was meant to be taken as a suggestion that Sununu offer to resign , one highly placed source said . Instead , Sununu sought to prove to the president that his supporters outnumber his critics and that he should remain in his post . One GOP source , reporting on a call from the chief of staff to a Republican leader , said Sununu lamented that " the noose is tightening around my neck , and I need your help . " Another highly placed source  said the president 's son met with Sununu last week after  holding a series of conversations about the structure of the White House staff and of the campaign with other Bush loyalists and GOP activists . The source said the younger Bush " sketched out for Sununu " problems the president is encountering because of the chief of staff 's tenure . " He was told ... the handwriting was on the wall , " the source said Monday . Officials said the president himself met with Sununu Sunday . A source said the outcome of that session was unclear . 	answer: positive
event: Another highly placed source said the president 's son met with Sununu last week after holding a series of conversations about the structure of the White House staff and of the campaign with other Bush loyalists and GOP activists starts before the president 's son holding a series of conversations about the structure of the White House staff and of the campaign with other Bush loyalists and GOP activists story: One of President Bush 's sons has informed White House Chief of Staff John Sununu that he has lost much of his support among Republicans , prompting an intense effort by Sununu to hold on to his job by demonstrating his GOP backing , White House and Republican sources said Monday . Sununu was told Wednesday by Bush 's son , George , that he had alienated members of the Cabinet , the White House staff and the Republican political community , creating a situation that puts his effectiveness in significant doubt , the sources said . The message to the chief of staff was meant to be taken as a suggestion that Sununu offer to resign , one highly placed source said . Instead , Sununu sought to prove to the president that his supporters outnumber his critics and that he should remain in his post . One GOP source , reporting on a call from the chief of staff to a Republican leader , said Sununu lamented that " the noose is tightening around my neck , and I need your help . " Another highly placed source  said the president 's son met with Sununu last week after  holding a series of conversations about the structure of the White House staff and of the campaign with other Bush loyalists and GOP activists . The source said the younger Bush " sketched out for Sununu " problems the president is encountering because of the chief of staff 's tenure . " He was told ... the handwriting was on the wall , " the source said Monday . Officials said the president himself met with Sununu Sunday . A source said the outcome of that session was unclear . 	answer: negative
event: Federal officials kept custody over him starts after In January Immigration and Naturalization Service Commissioner Doris Meissner ruled that Elian should go back to Cuba , a decision upheld by U.S. Attorney General Janet Reno story: Late Monday , U.S. State Department officials said that travel visas had been approved for Elian 's father , Juan Miguel Gonzalez , his immediate family and three other people _ a pediatrician , a psychologist and one of Elian 's favorite cousins . ` ` There will be thousands here to stop it if they come for him , ' ' said Ana Bonnin , one of about 100 exiles who practiced forming a human chain outside the home Monday . ` ` We 'll try to do it peacefully , but you can only do so much . ` ` We continue to be very concerned about the mental and psychological well - being of this 6-year - old , ' ' said Manny Diaz , one of the family 's attorneys . D.C. Cuban President Fidel Castro has said they would live in the home of a Cuban diplomat in the Washington area until the court case surrounding Elian 's fate is resolved . The rush of events caps a four - month ordeal that has seen Elian catapulted into the center an international tug - of - war . His mother and 10 other people drowned . Federal officials placed him with his Miami relatives , but  kept custody over him . Last week , federal officials sought to have the family must sign an agreement to turn the boy over voluntarily should they lose their appeal . Moves to keep Elian in this country through federal legislation appear to be stymied , as most lawmakers seem to agree the boy should go back to Cuba . Just how far they are willing to go to prove their point remains to be seen . 	answer: positive
event: Federal officials kept custody over him starts before In January Immigration and Naturalization Service Commissioner Doris Meissner ruled that Elian should go back to Cuba , a decision upheld by U.S. Attorney General Janet Reno story: Late Monday , U.S. State Department officials said that travel visas had been approved for Elian 's father , Juan Miguel Gonzalez , his immediate family and three other people _ a pediatrician , a psychologist and one of Elian 's favorite cousins . ` ` There will be thousands here to stop it if they come for him , ' ' said Ana Bonnin , one of about 100 exiles who practiced forming a human chain outside the home Monday . ` ` We 'll try to do it peacefully , but you can only do so much . ` ` We continue to be very concerned about the mental and psychological well - being of this 6-year - old , ' ' said Manny Diaz , one of the family 's attorneys . D.C. Cuban President Fidel Castro has said they would live in the home of a Cuban diplomat in the Washington area until the court case surrounding Elian 's fate is resolved . The rush of events caps a four - month ordeal that has seen Elian catapulted into the center an international tug - of - war . His mother and 10 other people drowned . Federal officials placed him with his Miami relatives , but  kept custody over him . Last week , federal officials sought to have the family must sign an agreement to turn the boy over voluntarily should they lose their appeal . Moves to keep Elian in this country through federal legislation appear to be stymied , as most lawmakers seem to agree the boy should go back to Cuba . Just how far they are willing to go to prove their point remains to be seen . 	answer: negative
event: The monarch will meet Bush on Thursday in Kennebunkport , Maine starts after said to be carrying story: The U.S. military buildup in Saudi Arabia continued at fever pace , with Syrian troops now part of a multinational force camped out in the desert to guard the Saudi kingdom from any new thrust by Iraq . In a letter to President Hashemi Rafsanjani of Iran , read by a broadcaster over Baghdad radio , Saddam said he will begin withdrawing troops from Iranian territory on Friday and release Iranian prisoners of war . The move seemed aimed at heading off more trouble with Iran , which had condemned Iraq 's invasion of Kuwait on Aug. 2 but also criticized the multinational force dispatched to Saudi Arabia . The outlook darkened for about 3,000 Americans caught in Iraq and Kuwait when Saddam sent his forces into the small , oil - rich sultanate . Iraq has agreed to allow all 880 Soviets in Kuwait to leave , but only by a 1,200-mile road route through Iraq and to the Iraq - Jordan border . Banks remained closed . Iraq has control of 20 percent of the world 's oil reserves . Egyptian and Moroccan troops are already there . Bush , however , says he sees no short - term hope for a diplomatic solution to the gulf crisis Bush held out the prospect of more aid to Jordan if it cooperates with the trade embargo . The embargo is meant to cripple Iraq by cutting off its exports of oil and imports of food and military supplies . Bush told a news conference on Tuesday that the naval barricade now in force might be extended to Jordan 's Aqaba ` ` if it is a hole through which commerce flows ' ' in and out of Iraq . 	answer: positive
event: The monarch will meet Bush on Thursday in Kennebunkport , Maine starts before said to be carrying story: The U.S. military buildup in Saudi Arabia continued at fever pace , with Syrian troops now part of a multinational force camped out in the desert to guard the Saudi kingdom from any new thrust by Iraq . In a letter to President Hashemi Rafsanjani of Iran , read by a broadcaster over Baghdad radio , Saddam said he will begin withdrawing troops from Iranian territory on Friday and release Iranian prisoners of war . The move seemed aimed at heading off more trouble with Iran , which had condemned Iraq 's invasion of Kuwait on Aug. 2 but also criticized the multinational force dispatched to Saudi Arabia . The outlook darkened for about 3,000 Americans caught in Iraq and Kuwait when Saddam sent his forces into the small , oil - rich sultanate . Iraq has agreed to allow all 880 Soviets in Kuwait to leave , but only by a 1,200-mile road route through Iraq and to the Iraq - Jordan border . Banks remained closed . Iraq has control of 20 percent of the world 's oil reserves . Egyptian and Moroccan troops are already there . Bush , however , says he sees no short - term hope for a diplomatic solution to the gulf crisis Bush held out the prospect of more aid to Jordan if it cooperates with the trade embargo . The embargo is meant to cripple Iraq by cutting off its exports of oil and imports of food and military supplies . Bush told a news conference on Tuesday that the naval barricade now in force might be extended to Jordan 's Aqaba ` ` if it is a hole through which commerce flows ' ' in and out of Iraq . 	answer: negative
event: Reno said the state court had no jurisdiction in the case , but that the Miami relatives should be able to make their case in federal court starts after Elian 's paternal great - uncle , Lazaro Gonzalez , keep the boy with him in Miami story: The protest marked a return to the larger demonstrations of early December , when hundreds of thousands of people rallied in some of Cuba 's biggest gatherings since the triumph of the revolution that brought President Castro to power 41 years ago . He has been staying with relatives in Miami who do not want to send him back to Cuba . But this week , Attorney General Janet Reno lifted the deadline to give Elian 's relatives in Miami a chance to fight in federal court to keep the boy with them . Ricardo Alarcon , president of the National Assembly and Castro 's point man on U.S.-Cuban relations , told The Associated Press that Cuban authorities are frustrated by Reno 's failure to set a new deadline and the INS 's failure to enforce its decision . Alarcon , former Cuban ambassador to the United Nations , dismissed suggestions by some U.S. politicians and Elian 's relatives in Miami that Elian 's father travel from Cardenas , Cuba , to Miami to pick up the boy . ` ` I would go there just for one minute to get him . To get him . Since his sea rescue , Elian has been increasingly referred to in Cuba as ` ` our son , ' ' a boy hero symbolizing the government 's decades - long ideological battle with Cuban exiles in Miami . Elian 's paternal great - uncle , Lazaro Gonzalez , is fighting to  keep the boy with him in Miami , saying he can give the child a better life outside Cuba . He and others who oppose the boy 's return to Cuba say that Elian 's mother died to give the boy freedom in the United States . 	answer: positive
event: Reno said the state court had no jurisdiction in the case , but that the Miami relatives should be able to make their case in federal court starts before Elian 's paternal great - uncle , Lazaro Gonzalez , keep the boy with him in Miami story: The protest marked a return to the larger demonstrations of early December , when hundreds of thousands of people rallied in some of Cuba 's biggest gatherings since the triumph of the revolution that brought President Castro to power 41 years ago . He has been staying with relatives in Miami who do not want to send him back to Cuba . But this week , Attorney General Janet Reno lifted the deadline to give Elian 's relatives in Miami a chance to fight in federal court to keep the boy with them . Ricardo Alarcon , president of the National Assembly and Castro 's point man on U.S.-Cuban relations , told The Associated Press that Cuban authorities are frustrated by Reno 's failure to set a new deadline and the INS 's failure to enforce its decision . Alarcon , former Cuban ambassador to the United Nations , dismissed suggestions by some U.S. politicians and Elian 's relatives in Miami that Elian 's father travel from Cardenas , Cuba , to Miami to pick up the boy . ` ` I would go there just for one minute to get him . To get him . Since his sea rescue , Elian has been increasingly referred to in Cuba as ` ` our son , ' ' a boy hero symbolizing the government 's decades - long ideological battle with Cuban exiles in Miami . Elian 's paternal great - uncle , Lazaro Gonzalez , is fighting to  keep the boy with him in Miami , saying he can give the child a better life outside Cuba . He and others who oppose the boy 's return to Cuba say that Elian 's mother died to give the boy freedom in the United States . 	answer: negative
event: we regain our leadership level where we have been starts after we continue to put new products into the marketplace and need additional capacity story: And now Kellogg is indefinitely suspending work on what was to be a $ 1 billion cereal plant . The company said it was delaying construction because of current market conditions . Led by its oat - based Cheerios line , General Mills has gained an estimated 2 % share so far this year , mostly at the expense of Kellogg . " Another analyst , John C. Maxwell Jr. of Wheat , First Securities in Richmond , Va. , recently went to a " sell " recommendation on Kellogg stock , which closed Friday at $ 71.75 , down 75 cents , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . " Kellogg 's main problem is life style . People are reading the boxes and deciding they want something that 's ` healthy ' for you -- oats , bran . In announcing the plant delay , Kellogg Chairman William E. LaMothe said , " Cereal volume growth in the U.S. has not met our expectations for 1989 " . General Mills , meanwhile , finds itself constrained from boosting sales further because its plants are operating at capacity . " As we  regain our leadership level where we have been , and as we  continue to put new products into the marketplace and need additional capacity , we will look at resuming our involvement with our plan , " he said . The company had retained the Fluor Daniel unit of Fluor Corp. as general contractor . But in recent weeks , construction - industry sources reported that early preparation work was slowing at the 185-acre site . Fluor Daniel already has reassigned most of its work crew , the sources said . 	answer: positive
event: we regain our leadership level where we have been starts before we continue to put new products into the marketplace and need additional capacity story: And now Kellogg is indefinitely suspending work on what was to be a $ 1 billion cereal plant . The company said it was delaying construction because of current market conditions . Led by its oat - based Cheerios line , General Mills has gained an estimated 2 % share so far this year , mostly at the expense of Kellogg . " Another analyst , John C. Maxwell Jr. of Wheat , First Securities in Richmond , Va. , recently went to a " sell " recommendation on Kellogg stock , which closed Friday at $ 71.75 , down 75 cents , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . " Kellogg 's main problem is life style . People are reading the boxes and deciding they want something that 's ` healthy ' for you -- oats , bran . In announcing the plant delay , Kellogg Chairman William E. LaMothe said , " Cereal volume growth in the U.S. has not met our expectations for 1989 " . General Mills , meanwhile , finds itself constrained from boosting sales further because its plants are operating at capacity . " As we  regain our leadership level where we have been , and as we  continue to put new products into the marketplace and need additional capacity , we will look at resuming our involvement with our plan , " he said . The company had retained the Fluor Daniel unit of Fluor Corp. as general contractor . But in recent weeks , construction - industry sources reported that early preparation work was slowing at the 185-acre site . Fluor Daniel already has reassigned most of its work crew , the sources said . 	answer: negative
event: Wall Street 's rapid initial sell - off knocked it starts after London shares depressed initially by overnight losses in New York and by the drop in sterling after Mr. Lawson 's resignation story: London share prices closed sharply lower Friday in active trading after Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson 's resignation slapped the market and Wall Street 's rapid initial sell - off  knocked it down . It showed some early resilience after central bank support firmed sterling , but the weight of Wall Street late in London trading , and signs of further weakness in the British pound , proved a hefty load to bear . The 30-share index settled 42.0 points lower at 1678.5 . A senior dealer with Warburg Securities noted British Gas , the most active blue - chip stock at 20 million shares traded , was affected by the political implications of Mr. Lawson 's departure and Mrs. Thatcher 's cabinet shuffle . First - section volume was estimated at 1.3 billion shares , up from 886 million shares Thursday . Dealers placed heavy buy orders in the morning to start the first trading day for November transactions . But they failed to sell these stocks to client investors , who were cautious about the sharp gains these issues made this week , the Wako official said . The DAX dropped 19.69 points Friday to 1462.93 . They said contributing to the downward drift was the fact that many professional traders had chosen to square positions ahead of the weekend . " What 's happening here is n't justified by the fundamentals . Traders said the market remains extremely nervous because of the wild swings seen on the New York Stock Exchange last week . The percentage change is since year - end . 	answer: positive
event: Wall Street 's rapid initial sell - off knocked it starts before London shares depressed initially by overnight losses in New York and by the drop in sterling after Mr. Lawson 's resignation story: London share prices closed sharply lower Friday in active trading after Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson 's resignation slapped the market and Wall Street 's rapid initial sell - off  knocked it down . It showed some early resilience after central bank support firmed sterling , but the weight of Wall Street late in London trading , and signs of further weakness in the British pound , proved a hefty load to bear . The 30-share index settled 42.0 points lower at 1678.5 . A senior dealer with Warburg Securities noted British Gas , the most active blue - chip stock at 20 million shares traded , was affected by the political implications of Mr. Lawson 's departure and Mrs. Thatcher 's cabinet shuffle . First - section volume was estimated at 1.3 billion shares , up from 886 million shares Thursday . Dealers placed heavy buy orders in the morning to start the first trading day for November transactions . But they failed to sell these stocks to client investors , who were cautious about the sharp gains these issues made this week , the Wako official said . The DAX dropped 19.69 points Friday to 1462.93 . They said contributing to the downward drift was the fact that many professional traders had chosen to square positions ahead of the weekend . " What 's happening here is n't justified by the fundamentals . Traders said the market remains extremely nervous because of the wild swings seen on the New York Stock Exchange last week . The percentage change is since year - end . 	answer: negative
event: Posing for photographers with Clinton Blair starts before Blair warning Saddam Hussein that the threat of force is real story: The US is bolstering its military presence in the gulf , as President Clinton discussed the Iraq crisis with the one ally who has backed his threat of force , British prime minister Tony Blair . The World 's Nancy Marshall reports on Mr. Blair 's current visit to Washington and the special relationship between the two leaders . President Clinton rolled out the red carpet for prime minister Blair , welcoming him not only as a close ally , but a close friend .  Posing for photographers with Clinton , Blair pledged to stand united with the president against Iraq ,  warning Saddam Hussein that the threat of force is real . The British aircraft carrier invincible is now patrolling the Persian Gulf alongside three US vessels . Washington and London are virtually alone in warning Iraq of military strikes if it does n't back down on the weapons inspection issue . President Clinton says he and Blair will stand together not just on Iraq but also on arresting the terrorists suspected of blowing up Pan Am flight one oh three over Scotland . For The World I 'm Nancy Marshall in Washington . 	answer: positive
event: Posing for photographers with Clinton Blair starts after Blair warning Saddam Hussein that the threat of force is real story: The US is bolstering its military presence in the gulf , as President Clinton discussed the Iraq crisis with the one ally who has backed his threat of force , British prime minister Tony Blair . The World 's Nancy Marshall reports on Mr. Blair 's current visit to Washington and the special relationship between the two leaders . President Clinton rolled out the red carpet for prime minister Blair , welcoming him not only as a close ally , but a close friend .  Posing for photographers with Clinton , Blair pledged to stand united with the president against Iraq ,  warning Saddam Hussein that the threat of force is real . The British aircraft carrier invincible is now patrolling the Persian Gulf alongside three US vessels . Washington and London are virtually alone in warning Iraq of military strikes if it does n't back down on the weapons inspection issue . President Clinton says he and Blair will stand together not just on Iraq but also on arresting the terrorists suspected of blowing up Pan Am flight one oh three over Scotland . For The World I 'm Nancy Marshall in Washington . 	answer: negative
event: ` And we must be resolute in spelling out the consequences of intransigence she added referring to the threat of NATO air strikes against Milosevic if he does not agree to the deployment starts after who organize civilian control of their armies story: Mo. _ In a ceremony tinged with the personal and the emotional at the Truman Presidential Library here , Secretary of State Madeleine Albright watched the foreign ministers of the three countries sign the documents of accession to the alliance , signed them herself and then held them aloft like a victory trophy . In Hungary , NATO members ' flags were raised outside the Defense Ministry . In Kosovo , where the Yugoslav leader , Slobodan Milosevic , is resisting the deployment of NATO - led troops , including 4,000 U.S. soldiers , Albright insisted that NATO was the best tool to enforce a peace settlement . ` ` We must be clear in explaining that a settlement without NATO - led enforcement is not acceptable because only NATO has the credibility and capability to make it work , ' ' she said . It was the spiritual homecoming to the West that all three foreign ministers stressed . Geremek said . ` ` For the people of Poland , high noon comes today . ' ' The Czech foreign minister , Jan Kavan , who lived in London from 1968 , when the Soviets invaded Czechoslovakia , until 1989 , said he had remained buoyant during his opposition work as an emigre by believing that communism would eventually fall . But he never dreamed , he said , that his country would become a member of NATO . The location for Friday 's ceremony was chosen by Albright , who as secretary of state is the depository of NATO 's accession accords . One problem was how to deal with the Russians , who vacillated between outright hostility and accepting what looked like the inevitable . There was a long pause among the three ministers . 	answer: positive
event: ` And we must be resolute in spelling out the consequences of intransigence she added referring to the threat of NATO air strikes against Milosevic if he does not agree to the deployment starts before who organize civilian control of their armies story: Mo. _ In a ceremony tinged with the personal and the emotional at the Truman Presidential Library here , Secretary of State Madeleine Albright watched the foreign ministers of the three countries sign the documents of accession to the alliance , signed them herself and then held them aloft like a victory trophy . In Hungary , NATO members ' flags were raised outside the Defense Ministry . In Kosovo , where the Yugoslav leader , Slobodan Milosevic , is resisting the deployment of NATO - led troops , including 4,000 U.S. soldiers , Albright insisted that NATO was the best tool to enforce a peace settlement . ` ` We must be clear in explaining that a settlement without NATO - led enforcement is not acceptable because only NATO has the credibility and capability to make it work , ' ' she said . It was the spiritual homecoming to the West that all three foreign ministers stressed . Geremek said . ` ` For the people of Poland , high noon comes today . ' ' The Czech foreign minister , Jan Kavan , who lived in London from 1968 , when the Soviets invaded Czechoslovakia , until 1989 , said he had remained buoyant during his opposition work as an emigre by believing that communism would eventually fall . But he never dreamed , he said , that his country would become a member of NATO . The location for Friday 's ceremony was chosen by Albright , who as secretary of state is the depository of NATO 's accession accords . One problem was how to deal with the Russians , who vacillated between outright hostility and accepting what looked like the inevitable . There was a long pause among the three ministers . 	answer: negative
event: him reunited with his child starts after he seeking the boy 's return story: The Clinton administration 's wisdom in returning Elian Gonzalez to his father was confirmed over the weekend decision of his Miami relatives and their Republican allies to further politicize what ought to be a straightforward child - custody case . Elian is finally getting time to reconnect with his father in a quiet , neutral setting where he is no longer a metaphor for the war between the Cubans . A few miles from his temporary home at Andrews Air Force Base , Senator Bob Smith of New Hampshire , Representative Tom DeLay of Texas , both Republicans , and the relatives were treating the raid to return Elian as though it were a Nazi SS operation . It was a model of efficient law enforcement , guided by due process . Elian printed his name on an application for asylum and was put in front of a video camera to say that he did not want to go back to Cuba . As did Castro , a master manipulator of public opinion in Cuba . Ever since he first learned that Elian was in Florida last November , he has been persistent in  seeking the boy 's return . It would be ideal if they could have returned him to his father yet stayed in contact while their appeal was pending in court . Negotiations failed , however , because they insisted on taking the place of the father , rather than being treated as concerned , yet distant , relatives . Juan and Elian Gonzalez will remain in the United States pending the appeal . Like any other 6-year - old in the care of a loving parent , Elian should go wherever that parent wants . 	answer: positive
event: him reunited with his child starts before he seeking the boy 's return story: The Clinton administration 's wisdom in returning Elian Gonzalez to his father was confirmed over the weekend decision of his Miami relatives and their Republican allies to further politicize what ought to be a straightforward child - custody case . Elian is finally getting time to reconnect with his father in a quiet , neutral setting where he is no longer a metaphor for the war between the Cubans . A few miles from his temporary home at Andrews Air Force Base , Senator Bob Smith of New Hampshire , Representative Tom DeLay of Texas , both Republicans , and the relatives were treating the raid to return Elian as though it were a Nazi SS operation . It was a model of efficient law enforcement , guided by due process . Elian printed his name on an application for asylum and was put in front of a video camera to say that he did not want to go back to Cuba . As did Castro , a master manipulator of public opinion in Cuba . Ever since he first learned that Elian was in Florida last November , he has been persistent in  seeking the boy 's return . It would be ideal if they could have returned him to his father yet stayed in contact while their appeal was pending in court . Negotiations failed , however , because they insisted on taking the place of the father , rather than being treated as concerned , yet distant , relatives . Juan and Elian Gonzalez will remain in the United States pending the appeal . Like any other 6-year - old in the care of a loving parent , Elian should go wherever that parent wants . 	answer: negative
event: the shots that killed a Buffalo , N.Y. , abortion - clinic doctor last October starts before found near the murder story: Based on physical evidence _ including a rifle found in April month buried near the doctor 's house and a match between fibers  found near the murder and others found in Kopp 's car There was no official confirmation of the decision to upgrade the warrant , but Denise O'Donnell , the U.S. attorney for the Western District of New York in Buffalo , has scheduled a news conference Thursday to announce a ` ` major development ' ' in the Slepian murder investigation . Since there is no federal homicide statute as such , the federal officials said Kopp could be charged under the recent Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act , which provides for a sentence of up to life imprisonment for someone convicted of physical assaults or threats against abortion providers . Slepian , a 52-year - old obstetrician and gynecologist who was the mainstay of Buffalo 's only abortion clinic , was shot to death on the night of Oct. 23 as he stood in the kitchen of his home in suburban Amherst , N.Y. chatting with his wife and one of his four sons . No weapon was recovered in the first police searches of the area around Slepian 's home . Clark , the Erie district attorney , said afterwards that investigators think the doctor 's killer buried the rifle in the days before the shooting , unearthed the weapon to fire the fatal shots , then hurriedly reburied it and fled . A jogger observed Kopp 's car at 6 a.m. near Slepian 's home 10 days before the murder , and , curious why a stranger would be parked there so early , wrote down the license plate number . 	answer: positive
event: the shots that killed a Buffalo , N.Y. , abortion - clinic doctor last October starts after found near the murder story: Based on physical evidence _ including a rifle found in April month buried near the doctor 's house and a match between fibers  found near the murder and others found in Kopp 's car There was no official confirmation of the decision to upgrade the warrant , but Denise O'Donnell , the U.S. attorney for the Western District of New York in Buffalo , has scheduled a news conference Thursday to announce a ` ` major development ' ' in the Slepian murder investigation . Since there is no federal homicide statute as such , the federal officials said Kopp could be charged under the recent Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act , which provides for a sentence of up to life imprisonment for someone convicted of physical assaults or threats against abortion providers . Slepian , a 52-year - old obstetrician and gynecologist who was the mainstay of Buffalo 's only abortion clinic , was shot to death on the night of Oct. 23 as he stood in the kitchen of his home in suburban Amherst , N.Y. chatting with his wife and one of his four sons . No weapon was recovered in the first police searches of the area around Slepian 's home . Clark , the Erie district attorney , said afterwards that investigators think the doctor 's killer buried the rifle in the days before the shooting , unearthed the weapon to fire the fatal shots , then hurriedly reburied it and fled . A jogger observed Kopp 's car at 6 a.m. near Slepian 's home 10 days before the murder , and , curious why a stranger would be parked there so early , wrote down the license plate number . 	answer: negative
event: The men appeared in the store at 469 Vermont St. in Brownsville around 7:15 p.m. , after the victim , Linda Sanders , 35 , had finished her cleaning and was waiting for her clothes to dry detectives said starts before a detective speaking on condition of anonymity story: NEW YORK _ A Brooklyn woman who was watching her clothes dry in a laundromat was killed Thursday evening when two would - be robbers emptied their pistols into the store , the police said . The men appeared in the store at 469 Vermont St. in Brownsville around 7:15 p.m. , after the victim , Linda Sanders , 35 , had finished her cleaning and was waiting for her clothes to dry , detectives  said . ` ` It looks as though they panicked , ' ' a detective ,  speaking on condition of anonymity , said of the robbers . ` ` They intended to rob the place . There were four or five people inside , and they just started firing . ' ' Ms. Sanders was hit several times and was pronounced dead at the scene . The other customers fled , and the police said it did not appear that anyone else was injured . The men took no money from their victim or from the establishment , said Detective Joseph Pentangelo , a Police Department spokesman . Victor Miranda , who lives in Ms. Sanders ' apartment building at 405 Williams Ave . , said the laundry machines in the building were removed a few years ago to make room for management offices . 	answer: positive
event: The men appeared in the store at 469 Vermont St. in Brownsville around 7:15 p.m. , after the victim , Linda Sanders , 35 , had finished her cleaning and was waiting for her clothes to dry detectives said starts after a detective speaking on condition of anonymity story: NEW YORK _ A Brooklyn woman who was watching her clothes dry in a laundromat was killed Thursday evening when two would - be robbers emptied their pistols into the store , the police said . The men appeared in the store at 469 Vermont St. in Brownsville around 7:15 p.m. , after the victim , Linda Sanders , 35 , had finished her cleaning and was waiting for her clothes to dry , detectives  said . ` ` It looks as though they panicked , ' ' a detective ,  speaking on condition of anonymity , said of the robbers . ` ` They intended to rob the place . There were four or five people inside , and they just started firing . ' ' Ms. Sanders was hit several times and was pronounced dead at the scene . The other customers fled , and the police said it did not appear that anyone else was injured . The men took no money from their victim or from the establishment , said Detective Joseph Pentangelo , a Police Department spokesman . Victor Miranda , who lives in Ms. Sanders ' apartment building at 405 Williams Ave . , said the laundry machines in the building were removed a few years ago to make room for management offices . 	answer: negative
event: The demonstrators wearing T - shirts with Elian 's portrait starts before the years that followed story: HAVANA ( AP ) -- Tens of thousands of people paid tribute to the men who launched the Cuban Revolution more than four decades ago in a rally Saturday demanding the return of Elian Gonzalez . With the historic yacht Granma towering behind him , Raul Castro , younger brother of President Fidel Castro and head of Cuba 's Revolutionary Armed Forces , likened the revolutionary battle to the fight for Elian , the 6-year - old boy at the center of an international custody battle . ' ' Here , no one gives up ! ' ' Castro declared . In the years that  followed , the guerrilla fighters waged war on the troops of dictator Fulgencio Batista , declaring victory on Jan. 1 , 1959 when Batista fled the country . Castro noted the importance that Cuba 's younger generations have played in the communist government 's battle to secure Elian 's return from the United States , where the boy 's Miami relatives are fighting for permanent custody . As a father and the grandfather of eight children -- including a boy who just turned 6 , the same age as Elian -- Castro said he sympathized with the little boy 's father , Juan Miguel Gonzalez . And our struggle will not end with the return of Elian , ' ' added Castro . He said the Cuban people would continue to protest American laws and policies aimed at Cuba , including a four - decade economic embargo and continued U.S. military presence at the Guantanamo Naval Station on the easternmost end of the island . 	answer: positive
event: The demonstrators wearing T - shirts with Elian 's portrait starts after the years that followed story: HAVANA ( AP ) -- Tens of thousands of people paid tribute to the men who launched the Cuban Revolution more than four decades ago in a rally Saturday demanding the return of Elian Gonzalez . With the historic yacht Granma towering behind him , Raul Castro , younger brother of President Fidel Castro and head of Cuba 's Revolutionary Armed Forces , likened the revolutionary battle to the fight for Elian , the 6-year - old boy at the center of an international custody battle . ' ' Here , no one gives up ! ' ' Castro declared . In the years that  followed , the guerrilla fighters waged war on the troops of dictator Fulgencio Batista , declaring victory on Jan. 1 , 1959 when Batista fled the country . Castro noted the importance that Cuba 's younger generations have played in the communist government 's battle to secure Elian 's return from the United States , where the boy 's Miami relatives are fighting for permanent custody . As a father and the grandfather of eight children -- including a boy who just turned 6 , the same age as Elian -- Castro said he sympathized with the little boy 's father , Juan Miguel Gonzalez . And our struggle will not end with the return of Elian , ' ' added Castro . He said the Cuban people would continue to protest American laws and policies aimed at Cuba , including a four - decade economic embargo and continued U.S. military presence at the Guantanamo Naval Station on the easternmost end of the island . 	answer: negative
event: his son _ Elian 's father _ get a job in the Communist island 's increasingly lucrative tourism industry starts before The family 's experience is like that of thousands of others now split between Miami and Cuba said Damien Fernandez , a Cuban - American political scientist at Florida International University story: But the great - uncle of 6-year - old shipwreck survivor rafter Elian Gonzalez only ducked his head and walked faster . Until this week . Alone among his two brothers and two sisters who have fled Cuba for Miami , Manuel Gonzalez believes Elian should go back to Cuba to live with his father . Elian should be with his father . ' ` ` There has been a lot of pressure , and he feels this is a family affair . ' ' After weeks of high - profile public sparring _ with charges of abuse , spying and treachery flying back and forth across the Florida Straits _ it would seem the chances are slim that the Gonzalez family could ever heal the wounds created by the Elian saga . Long before Elian thrust them into the unrelenting glare of the international spotlight , the Gonzalez clan was a typical example of the conflicts and painful separations wrought by the Cuban revolution . Her brother Delfin , who was imprisoned as an anti - Castro activist in the 1960s , followed in 1979 . The family 's experience is like that of thousands of others now split between Miami and Cuba ,  said Damien Fernandez , a Cuban - American political scientist at Florida International University . But Elian 's case has broken down the family 's fragile truce , with their political differences exacerbated by the inflammatory rhetoric flying between Castro 's government and exile extremists in Miami . But there has been at least one attempt at a resolution . But while Cuban exiles outside the courthouse cheered Lazaro and his family , their angry taunts seemed to shock Manuel . ` ` But the scars will always be there . ' ' 	answer: positive
event: his son _ Elian 's father _ get a job in the Communist island 's increasingly lucrative tourism industry starts after The family 's experience is like that of thousands of others now split between Miami and Cuba said Damien Fernandez , a Cuban - American political scientist at Florida International University story: But the great - uncle of 6-year - old shipwreck survivor rafter Elian Gonzalez only ducked his head and walked faster . Until this week . Alone among his two brothers and two sisters who have fled Cuba for Miami , Manuel Gonzalez believes Elian should go back to Cuba to live with his father . Elian should be with his father . ' ` ` There has been a lot of pressure , and he feels this is a family affair . ' ' After weeks of high - profile public sparring _ with charges of abuse , spying and treachery flying back and forth across the Florida Straits _ it would seem the chances are slim that the Gonzalez family could ever heal the wounds created by the Elian saga . Long before Elian thrust them into the unrelenting glare of the international spotlight , the Gonzalez clan was a typical example of the conflicts and painful separations wrought by the Cuban revolution . Her brother Delfin , who was imprisoned as an anti - Castro activist in the 1960s , followed in 1979 . The family 's experience is like that of thousands of others now split between Miami and Cuba ,  said Damien Fernandez , a Cuban - American political scientist at Florida International University . But Elian 's case has broken down the family 's fragile truce , with their political differences exacerbated by the inflammatory rhetoric flying between Castro 's government and exile extremists in Miami . But there has been at least one attempt at a resolution . But while Cuban exiles outside the courthouse cheered Lazaro and his family , their angry taunts seemed to shock Manuel . ` ` But the scars will always be there . ' ' 	answer: negative
event: the small auditorium where dignitaries from the three countries sat starts before we erasing without replacing _ the line drawn in Europe by Stalin 's bloody boot story: INDEPENDENCE , Albright , who was born in Prague and fled just after the Communist takeover in 1948 , made no secret of her joy at her homeland and its neighbors joining the alliance after a six year trans - Atlantic diplomatic process led by the Clinton administration . As of Friday , the border between Western Europe and the former Soviet Union moved to the eastern border of Poland . In her speech , in the small auditorium where dignitaries from the three countries  sat and the three foreign ministers flanked her on the stage , Albright countered that NATO would now do ` ` for Europe 's East what NATO has already helped to do for Europe 's West . Steadily and systematically , we will continue  erasing _ without replacing _ the line drawn in Europe by Stalin 's bloody boot . ' In the aftermath of the Cold War , she said , NATO must be ready to face ` ` an aggressive regime , a rampaging faction , or a terrorist group . ` ` It has been our manifest destiny to rejoin those with whom we share the same values , interests and goals , ' ' he said . One problem was how to deal with the Russians , who vacillated between outright hostility and accepting what looked like the inevitable . In early 1997 , President Boris Yeltsin told President Clinton he could live with NATO expansion . But in order to accommodate the Russians , NATO created the NATO - Russia Council as a consultative body that formalized relations between Moscow and the alliance . Then Martonyi replied : ` ` Silence is your answer . ' ' 	answer: positive
event: the small auditorium where dignitaries from the three countries sat starts after we erasing without replacing _ the line drawn in Europe by Stalin 's bloody boot story: INDEPENDENCE , Albright , who was born in Prague and fled just after the Communist takeover in 1948 , made no secret of her joy at her homeland and its neighbors joining the alliance after a six year trans - Atlantic diplomatic process led by the Clinton administration . As of Friday , the border between Western Europe and the former Soviet Union moved to the eastern border of Poland . In her speech , in the small auditorium where dignitaries from the three countries  sat and the three foreign ministers flanked her on the stage , Albright countered that NATO would now do ` ` for Europe 's East what NATO has already helped to do for Europe 's West . Steadily and systematically , we will continue  erasing _ without replacing _ the line drawn in Europe by Stalin 's bloody boot . ' In the aftermath of the Cold War , she said , NATO must be ready to face ` ` an aggressive regime , a rampaging faction , or a terrorist group . ` ` It has been our manifest destiny to rejoin those with whom we share the same values , interests and goals , ' ' he said . One problem was how to deal with the Russians , who vacillated between outright hostility and accepting what looked like the inevitable . In early 1997 , President Boris Yeltsin told President Clinton he could live with NATO expansion . But in order to accommodate the Russians , NATO created the NATO - Russia Council as a consultative body that formalized relations between Moscow and the alliance . Then Martonyi replied : ` ` Silence is your answer . ' ' 	answer: negative
event: Mr. Fournier also noted that Navigation Mixte joined Paribas 's core of shareholders when Paribas was denationalized in 1987 starts before he realized that Paribas 's intentions were n't friendly story: At a news conference , Mr. Fournier accused Paribas of planning to pay for the takeover by selling parts of the company , whose interests include insurance , banking , tuna canning , sugar and orange juice . Mr. Fournier said that as Navigation Mixte chairman , he is prohibited by takeover regulations from organizing his own defense or doing anything besides managing current company business . At the same time , he is expected to seek legal and regulatory means of blocking or delaying Paribas 's bid . Mr. Fournier said Navigation Mixte 's 1989 unconsolidated , or parent - company , profit is likely to be 4.7 billion francs ( $ 754.4 million ) , up from 633.8 million francs last year . If holders avoid tendering to Paribas , he added , they can expect strong dividends again next year . Analysts noted that over the past 20 years , Mr. Fournier has built his company through astute stock - market activity and has warded off at least three takeover attempts . Mr. de Cholet said Mr. Fournier 's biggest hope was to somehow persuade regulatory authorities to block the bid . Paribas says it will offer 1,850 francs ( $ 296.95 ) each for Navigation Mixte shares that enjoy full dividend rights , and 1,800 francs each for a block of shares issued July 1 , which will receive only partial dividends this year . The Paribas offer values Navigation Mixte at about 23 billion francs , depending on how many of Navigation Mixte 's warrants are converted into shares during the takeover battle . 	answer: positive
event: Mr. Fournier also noted that Navigation Mixte joined Paribas 's core of shareholders when Paribas was denationalized in 1987 starts after he realized that Paribas 's intentions were n't friendly story: At a news conference , Mr. Fournier accused Paribas of planning to pay for the takeover by selling parts of the company , whose interests include insurance , banking , tuna canning , sugar and orange juice . Mr. Fournier said that as Navigation Mixte chairman , he is prohibited by takeover regulations from organizing his own defense or doing anything besides managing current company business . At the same time , he is expected to seek legal and regulatory means of blocking or delaying Paribas 's bid . Mr. Fournier said Navigation Mixte 's 1989 unconsolidated , or parent - company , profit is likely to be 4.7 billion francs ( $ 754.4 million ) , up from 633.8 million francs last year . If holders avoid tendering to Paribas , he added , they can expect strong dividends again next year . Analysts noted that over the past 20 years , Mr. Fournier has built his company through astute stock - market activity and has warded off at least three takeover attempts . Mr. de Cholet said Mr. Fournier 's biggest hope was to somehow persuade regulatory authorities to block the bid . Paribas says it will offer 1,850 francs ( $ 296.95 ) each for Navigation Mixte shares that enjoy full dividend rights , and 1,800 francs each for a block of shares issued July 1 , which will receive only partial dividends this year . The Paribas offer values Navigation Mixte at about 23 billion francs , depending on how many of Navigation Mixte 's warrants are converted into shares during the takeover battle . 	answer: negative
event: The spokesman said it is the first early retirement plan offered under its two - year cost - control strategy starts after the first early retirement plan offered under its two - year cost - control strategy story: Upjohn Co. said it will offer an early retirement package to as many as 1,100 employees in a cost - cutting move expected to result in a fourth - quarter charge . Upjohn officials said they could n't estimate the size of the charge until they determine which employees , and how many , will participate in the retirement plan . But the pharmaceutical company said it " anticipates the long - term savings resulting from the plan 's implementation will more than offset short - term costs . The program , available to Upjohn employees 55 years old or older , could increase an individual 's retirement benefits 10 % to 20 % . In addition , Upjohn is offering a one - time retirement bonus equal to six months of base pay . Chairman Theodore Cooper called the program part of the company 's two - year strategy to implement budget constraints and " an effective headcount - control program . Wertheim Schroder amp Co. According to Upjohn 's estimates , only 50 % to 60 % of the 1,100 eligible employees will take advantage of the plan . Upjohn further estimated that about 50 % of the employees who leave for early retirement may be replaced . As a result , Upjohn will likely trim only about 275 to 350 of its more than 21,000 jobs world - wide . In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange yesterday , Upjohn shares rose 87.5 cents to $ 38.875 apiece . The spokesman  said it is the first early retirement plan  offered under its two - year cost - control strategy . Earlier staff - reduction moves have trimmed about 300 jobs , the spokesman said . 	answer: positive
event: The spokesman said it is the first early retirement plan offered under its two - year cost - control strategy starts before the first early retirement plan offered under its two - year cost - control strategy story: Upjohn Co. said it will offer an early retirement package to as many as 1,100 employees in a cost - cutting move expected to result in a fourth - quarter charge . Upjohn officials said they could n't estimate the size of the charge until they determine which employees , and how many , will participate in the retirement plan . But the pharmaceutical company said it " anticipates the long - term savings resulting from the plan 's implementation will more than offset short - term costs . The program , available to Upjohn employees 55 years old or older , could increase an individual 's retirement benefits 10 % to 20 % . In addition , Upjohn is offering a one - time retirement bonus equal to six months of base pay . Chairman Theodore Cooper called the program part of the company 's two - year strategy to implement budget constraints and " an effective headcount - control program . Wertheim Schroder amp Co. According to Upjohn 's estimates , only 50 % to 60 % of the 1,100 eligible employees will take advantage of the plan . Upjohn further estimated that about 50 % of the employees who leave for early retirement may be replaced . As a result , Upjohn will likely trim only about 275 to 350 of its more than 21,000 jobs world - wide . In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange yesterday , Upjohn shares rose 87.5 cents to $ 38.875 apiece . The spokesman  said it is the first early retirement plan  offered under its two - year cost - control strategy . Earlier staff - reduction moves have trimmed about 300 jobs , the spokesman said . 	answer: negative
event: In another mediation effort the Soviet Union said today it had sent an envoy to the Middle East on a series of stops to include Baghdad starts before Soviet officials also said Soviet women , children and invalids would be allowed to leave Iraq story: Also today , King Hussein of Jordan arrived in Washington seeking to mediate the Persian Gulf crisis . Soviet officials also  said Soviet women , children and invalids would be allowed to leave Iraq . The U.S. military buildup in Saudi Arabia continued at fever pace , with Syrian troops now part of a multinational force camped out in the desert to guard the Saudi kingdom from any new thrust by Iraq . Iran said an Iraqi diplomatic delegation was en route to Tehran to deliver Saddam 's message , which it said it would review ` ` with optimism . ' ' Saddam appeared to accept a border demarcation treaty he had rejected in peace talks following the August 1988 cease - fire of the eight - year war with Iran . The Iraqi ambassador to Greece said in Athens the Americans and other stranded foreigners could leave ` ` as soon as the threats from the United States and its allies are eliminated . ' ' There have been reports of wholesale looting but food and gasoline were still available , said a spokesman , who by custom was not identified . The Iraqi ambassador to Venezuela said on Tuesday that Iraq would retaliate against Venezuela and other OPEC oil cartel members if they boost oil production to fill the gap created by blocked supplies from Iraq and Kuwait . A steep rise in world oil prices followed the Kuwait invasion . In Saudi Arabia , today is the eighth day of ` ` Desert Shield , ' ' the operation designed to confront an estimated 200,000 Iraqi soldiers now in Kuwait . It accused Kuwait of deliberately slashing Iraqi oil revenues by overproducing oil and driving down prices , among other charges . 	answer: positive
event: In another mediation effort the Soviet Union said today it had sent an envoy to the Middle East on a series of stops to include Baghdad starts after Soviet officials also said Soviet women , children and invalids would be allowed to leave Iraq story: Also today , King Hussein of Jordan arrived in Washington seeking to mediate the Persian Gulf crisis . Soviet officials also  said Soviet women , children and invalids would be allowed to leave Iraq . The U.S. military buildup in Saudi Arabia continued at fever pace , with Syrian troops now part of a multinational force camped out in the desert to guard the Saudi kingdom from any new thrust by Iraq . Iran said an Iraqi diplomatic delegation was en route to Tehran to deliver Saddam 's message , which it said it would review ` ` with optimism . ' ' Saddam appeared to accept a border demarcation treaty he had rejected in peace talks following the August 1988 cease - fire of the eight - year war with Iran . The Iraqi ambassador to Greece said in Athens the Americans and other stranded foreigners could leave ` ` as soon as the threats from the United States and its allies are eliminated . ' ' There have been reports of wholesale looting but food and gasoline were still available , said a spokesman , who by custom was not identified . The Iraqi ambassador to Venezuela said on Tuesday that Iraq would retaliate against Venezuela and other OPEC oil cartel members if they boost oil production to fill the gap created by blocked supplies from Iraq and Kuwait . A steep rise in world oil prices followed the Kuwait invasion . In Saudi Arabia , today is the eighth day of ` ` Desert Shield , ' ' the operation designed to confront an estimated 200,000 Iraqi soldiers now in Kuwait . It accused Kuwait of deliberately slashing Iraqi oil revenues by overproducing oil and driving down prices , among other charges . 	answer: negative
event: Mr. Antar engaging in a " massive financial fraud " to overstate the earnings of Crazy Eddie , Edison , N.J. , over a three - year period starts before civil suits previously filed by shareholders against Mr. Antar and others story: The government is sharpening its newest weapon against white - collar defendants : the power to prevent them from paying their legal bills . The issue has come to a boil in Newark , N.J. , where federal prosecutors have warned lawyers for Eddie Antar that if the founder and former chairman of Crazy Eddie Inc. is indicted , the government may move to seize the money that Mr. Antar is using to pay legal fees . The warning by the U.S. attorney 's office follows two decisions by the U.S. Supreme Court last June . The people who suffer in the short run are defendants , but the people who suffer in the long run are all of the people , because there wo n't be a vigorous private bar to defend the Bill of Rights , " says Gerald Lefcourt , a criminal defense attorney who says he has turned down a number of cases to avoid possible fee seizures . Therefore , they said , the money can be taken from the lawyers even after they are paid . In Newark , U.S. Attorney Samuel A. Alito said , " I do n't think there 's any legal reason to limit forfeiture of attorney 's fees to drug cases . " Mr. Antar was charged last month in a civil suit filed in federal court in Newark by the Securities and Exchange Commission . Through his lawyers , Mr. Antar has denied allegations in the SEC suit and in civil suits previously  filed by shareholders against Mr. Antar and others . The SEC has alleged that Mr. Antar aimed to pump up the company 's stock price through false financial statements in order to sell his stake and reap huge profits . 	answer: positive
event: Mr. Antar engaging in a " massive financial fraud " to overstate the earnings of Crazy Eddie , Edison , N.J. , over a three - year period starts after civil suits previously filed by shareholders against Mr. Antar and others story: The government is sharpening its newest weapon against white - collar defendants : the power to prevent them from paying their legal bills . The issue has come to a boil in Newark , N.J. , where federal prosecutors have warned lawyers for Eddie Antar that if the founder and former chairman of Crazy Eddie Inc. is indicted , the government may move to seize the money that Mr. Antar is using to pay legal fees . The warning by the U.S. attorney 's office follows two decisions by the U.S. Supreme Court last June . The people who suffer in the short run are defendants , but the people who suffer in the long run are all of the people , because there wo n't be a vigorous private bar to defend the Bill of Rights , " says Gerald Lefcourt , a criminal defense attorney who says he has turned down a number of cases to avoid possible fee seizures . Therefore , they said , the money can be taken from the lawyers even after they are paid . In Newark , U.S. Attorney Samuel A. Alito said , " I do n't think there 's any legal reason to limit forfeiture of attorney 's fees to drug cases . " Mr. Antar was charged last month in a civil suit filed in federal court in Newark by the Securities and Exchange Commission . Through his lawyers , Mr. Antar has denied allegations in the SEC suit and in civil suits previously  filed by shareholders against Mr. Antar and others . The SEC has alleged that Mr. Antar aimed to pump up the company 's stock price through false financial statements in order to sell his stake and reap huge profits . 	answer: negative
event: The U.S. military buildup in Saudi Arabia continued at fever pace with Syrian troops now part of a multinational force camped out in the desert to guard the Saudi kingdom from any new thrust by Iraq starts before he will release Iranian prisoners of war story: ' In a speech delivered at the Pentagon , Bush seemed to suggest that American forces could be in the gulf region for some time . Saddam said he sought to ` ` turn the gulf into a lake of peace free of foreign fleets and forces that harbor ill intentions against us . ' ' In other developments : The Pentagon said that Defense Secretary Dick Cheney is considering urging Bush to order a national callup of armed forces reserves for active duty because of the drain on units sending soldiers abroad . The Soviet Foreign Ministry said Soviet women , children and invalids would be permitted to leave Iraq . With Kuwait now ` ` annexed , ' ' Iraq has control of 20 percent of the world 's oil reserves . Bush then sent U.S. troops and planes to Saudi Arabia , saying Iraqi troops massed nearby in Kuwait threatened Saudi Arabia and its vast oil reserves . The predominantly Moslem nation of Bangladesh said today its troops would join multinational forces in Saudi Arabia . The size of the contingent was not disclosed . Truckloads of goods rolled into Iraq from Jordan on Tuesday and Iraqi - bound cargo was unloaded from ships at the Red Sea port ofAqaba despite the U.N.-ordered sanctions . Crown Prince Hassan , King Hussein 's brother and political adviser , was asked today about the message the king was said to be carrying . Bush held out the prospect of more aid to Jordan if it cooperates with the trade embargo . The United States has provided most of the naval vessels so far to block Iraqi trade , with Britain , West Germany and Australia among the other nations lending support at sea . 	answer: positive
event: The U.S. military buildup in Saudi Arabia continued at fever pace with Syrian troops now part of a multinational force camped out in the desert to guard the Saudi kingdom from any new thrust by Iraq starts after he will release Iranian prisoners of war story: ' In a speech delivered at the Pentagon , Bush seemed to suggest that American forces could be in the gulf region for some time . Saddam said he sought to ` ` turn the gulf into a lake of peace free of foreign fleets and forces that harbor ill intentions against us . ' ' In other developments : The Pentagon said that Defense Secretary Dick Cheney is considering urging Bush to order a national callup of armed forces reserves for active duty because of the drain on units sending soldiers abroad . The Soviet Foreign Ministry said Soviet women , children and invalids would be permitted to leave Iraq . With Kuwait now ` ` annexed , ' ' Iraq has control of 20 percent of the world 's oil reserves . Bush then sent U.S. troops and planes to Saudi Arabia , saying Iraqi troops massed nearby in Kuwait threatened Saudi Arabia and its vast oil reserves . The predominantly Moslem nation of Bangladesh said today its troops would join multinational forces in Saudi Arabia . The size of the contingent was not disclosed . Truckloads of goods rolled into Iraq from Jordan on Tuesday and Iraqi - bound cargo was unloaded from ships at the Red Sea port ofAqaba despite the U.N.-ordered sanctions . Crown Prince Hassan , King Hussein 's brother and political adviser , was asked today about the message the king was said to be carrying . Bush held out the prospect of more aid to Jordan if it cooperates with the trade embargo . The United States has provided most of the naval vessels so far to block Iraqi trade , with Britain , West Germany and Australia among the other nations lending support at sea . 	answer: negative
event: said a massive blast damaged the U.S. embassy in Nairobi , killing 40 people while wounding at least 1,000 people starts after a massive blast killing 40 people while wounding at least 1,000 people story: JOHANNESBURG , August 7 ( Xinhua ) -- South Africa deplored Friday the bomb blasts which killed scores of people and injured more than 1,000 others outside embassies of the United States in Kenya and Tanzania earlier in the day . A statement by the Foreign Affairs Department described the attacks as senseless . " The South African government deplores these senseless acts against the American embassies in Nairobi and Dar es Salaam and would like to express its condolences to the victims of the explosions , " the statement said . Reports reaching here  said a massive blast damaged the U.S. embassy in Nairobi ,  killing 40 people while wounding at least 1,000 people . Kenyan Trade Minister Joseph Kamotho and American ambassador to Kenya Prudence Bushnell were injured in the blast . Also on Friday morning , at least four people were killed in an explosion that took place near the American embassy in Dar es Salaam , the capital of Tanzania . It was not immediately known who were responsible for the explosions . As far as could be established , no South Africans had been affected by the blasts , the South African Foreign Affairs Department said . 	answer: positive
event: said a massive blast damaged the U.S. embassy in Nairobi , killing 40 people while wounding at least 1,000 people starts before a massive blast killing 40 people while wounding at least 1,000 people story: JOHANNESBURG , August 7 ( Xinhua ) -- South Africa deplored Friday the bomb blasts which killed scores of people and injured more than 1,000 others outside embassies of the United States in Kenya and Tanzania earlier in the day . A statement by the Foreign Affairs Department described the attacks as senseless . " The South African government deplores these senseless acts against the American embassies in Nairobi and Dar es Salaam and would like to express its condolences to the victims of the explosions , " the statement said . Reports reaching here  said a massive blast damaged the U.S. embassy in Nairobi ,  killing 40 people while wounding at least 1,000 people . Kenyan Trade Minister Joseph Kamotho and American ambassador to Kenya Prudence Bushnell were injured in the blast . Also on Friday morning , at least four people were killed in an explosion that took place near the American embassy in Dar es Salaam , the capital of Tanzania . It was not immediately known who were responsible for the explosions . As far as could be established , no South Africans had been affected by the blasts , the South African Foreign Affairs Department said . 	answer: negative
event: With the political implications so strong , it 's unlikely the case of Elian Gonzalez will be closed quickly said Richard Nuccio , a former Clinton administration Cuba adviser starts before ` With two members of Congress representing Elian 's family 's constituency , I do n't see how Elian could be returned by the federal government without it going through the court system Nuccio said story: WASHINGTON Anti - Castro demonstrators thronged the street near the local INS office in Miami Wednesday , demanding that Elian be allowed to stay . ` ` Nobody wants the boy to be separated from his father , ' ' said Ninoska Perez of the Miami - based Cuban - American National Foundation . ` ` But that little boy , by surviving two days on an inner tube , has earned the right to stay here in freedom . ' ' In Havana , the government gave a guarded first response to the INS ruling , warning against ` ` excessive optimism ' ' and predicting ` ` the Cuban - American mafia and the extreme right in Since the boy is so young , Meissner said , the natural father has the right to speak for Elian . Eig complained . Gonzalez _ perhaps under duress from the Castro regime _ has indicated he does not want to travel to Miami , and there is ` ` no way ' ' the Miami Gonzalezes will assist in sending Elian back to Cuba , Perez said . But if Elian is forced to go back to Cuba , ` ` the Clinton - Gore administration , specifically ( Vice President ) Al Gore , will pay a high price in terms of votes in Florida , ' ' Perez said . Cuba experts and child custody lawyers said the INS ruling was appropriate under the law . 	answer: positive
event: With the political implications so strong , it 's unlikely the case of Elian Gonzalez will be closed quickly said Richard Nuccio , a former Clinton administration Cuba adviser starts after ` With two members of Congress representing Elian 's family 's constituency , I do n't see how Elian could be returned by the federal government without it going through the court system Nuccio said story: WASHINGTON Anti - Castro demonstrators thronged the street near the local INS office in Miami Wednesday , demanding that Elian be allowed to stay . ` ` Nobody wants the boy to be separated from his father , ' ' said Ninoska Perez of the Miami - based Cuban - American National Foundation . ` ` But that little boy , by surviving two days on an inner tube , has earned the right to stay here in freedom . ' ' In Havana , the government gave a guarded first response to the INS ruling , warning against ` ` excessive optimism ' ' and predicting ` ` the Cuban - American mafia and the extreme right in Since the boy is so young , Meissner said , the natural father has the right to speak for Elian . Eig complained . Gonzalez _ perhaps under duress from the Castro regime _ has indicated he does not want to travel to Miami , and there is ` ` no way ' ' the Miami Gonzalezes will assist in sending Elian back to Cuba , Perez said . But if Elian is forced to go back to Cuba , ` ` the Clinton - Gore administration , specifically ( Vice President ) Al Gore , will pay a high price in terms of votes in Florida , ' ' Perez said . Cuba experts and child custody lawyers said the INS ruling was appropriate under the law . 	answer: negative
event: a federal court trial that led to a $ 107 million verdict this week in favor of abortion providers starts after such sites constitute threats to abortion providers story: ATLANTA ( AP ) -- The creator of an anti - abortion Web site found to be a threat to abortion providers says a decision to shut the site down is just a ` ` temporary setback . ' ' Neal Horsley said Friday that he would seek a new Internet service for his ` ` Nuremburg Files ' ' site , which was the focus of a federal court trial that  led to a $ 107 million verdict this week in favor of abortion providers . Horsley was not a defendant in the suit , in which the Portland , Ore. , jury ruled that such sites  constitute threats to abortion providers . MindSpring , which provided the Internet space for the site , closed it Thursday night for violating ` ` our appropriate use policies , ' ' spokesman Serge Clermont said . The Web site included the names and addresses of abortion doctors and featured photos of mangled fetuses and drawings of dripping blood . Three times , doctors whose names appeared on the list were killed , most recently last October when Dr. Barnett Slepian was gunned down by sniper fire in his home outside Buffalo , Pathway Communications , which has maintained the site , said in a statement that ` ` The Nuremberg Files ' ' was knocked off - line without notice . The company said it was informed Friday that it violated MindSpring 's policy on ` ` threatening and harassing language . ' ' Horsley called the move a ` ` temporary setback . ' ' ` ` We are presently searching for a bolder and more principled ( Internet service provider ) to host the Nuremburg Files , ' ' the statement said . 	answer: positive
event: a federal court trial that led to a $ 107 million verdict this week in favor of abortion providers starts before such sites constitute threats to abortion providers story: ATLANTA ( AP ) -- The creator of an anti - abortion Web site found to be a threat to abortion providers says a decision to shut the site down is just a ` ` temporary setback . ' ' Neal Horsley said Friday that he would seek a new Internet service for his ` ` Nuremburg Files ' ' site , which was the focus of a federal court trial that  led to a $ 107 million verdict this week in favor of abortion providers . Horsley was not a defendant in the suit , in which the Portland , Ore. , jury ruled that such sites  constitute threats to abortion providers . MindSpring , which provided the Internet space for the site , closed it Thursday night for violating ` ` our appropriate use policies , ' ' spokesman Serge Clermont said . The Web site included the names and addresses of abortion doctors and featured photos of mangled fetuses and drawings of dripping blood . Three times , doctors whose names appeared on the list were killed , most recently last October when Dr. Barnett Slepian was gunned down by sniper fire in his home outside Buffalo , Pathway Communications , which has maintained the site , said in a statement that ` ` The Nuremberg Files ' ' was knocked off - line without notice . The company said it was informed Friday that it violated MindSpring 's policy on ` ` threatening and harassing language . ' ' Horsley called the move a ` ` temporary setback . ' ' ` ` We are presently searching for a bolder and more principled ( Internet service provider ) to host the Nuremburg Files , ' ' the statement said . 	answer: negative
event: Its shares closed at $ 5.125 each in composite New York Stock Exchange trading down 37.5 cents starts after The price of Columbia shares cut nearly in half since August , when they traded at about $ 10 as investors apparently realized that the thrift would be forced to take a big write - down story: Columbia Savings amp Loan Association , reeling from thrift - accounting changes mandated by Congress and the recent collapse of the junk - bond market , announced a loss for the third quarter of $ 226.3 million , or $ 11.57 a share . Total assets increased to $ 12.7 billion in the latest quarter from $ 12.4 billion a year earlier . Columbia owes its spectacular growth in recent years to its junk - bond portfolio , the largest of any U.S. thrift . On June 30 , loss reserves stood at $ 108.3 million . Previously , Columbia did n't have to adjust the book value of its junk - bond holdings to reflect declines in market prices , because it held the bonds as long - term investments . Because Columbia now must sell the bonds within five years , accounting rules require the thrift to value the bonds at the lower of cost or market prices . But he said Columbia remains " one of the most strongly capitalized thrifts in the industry , " based on the economic value of its assets and tangible capital . Columbia announced the results after the close of the stock market . Its shares  closed at $ 5.125 each in composite New York Stock Exchange trading , down 37.5 cents . The stock 's decline accelerated in the past two weeks , from a price of $ 8 a share on Oct. 9 . Although many of the transactions related to those securities have n't been completed , Columbia said the ultimate gain on the sale of those assets will range from $ 200 million to $ 300 million . David B. Hilder in New York contributed to this article . 	answer: positive
event: Its shares closed at $ 5.125 each in composite New York Stock Exchange trading down 37.5 cents starts before The price of Columbia shares cut nearly in half since August , when they traded at about $ 10 as investors apparently realized that the thrift would be forced to take a big write - down story: Columbia Savings amp Loan Association , reeling from thrift - accounting changes mandated by Congress and the recent collapse of the junk - bond market , announced a loss for the third quarter of $ 226.3 million , or $ 11.57 a share . Total assets increased to $ 12.7 billion in the latest quarter from $ 12.4 billion a year earlier . Columbia owes its spectacular growth in recent years to its junk - bond portfolio , the largest of any U.S. thrift . On June 30 , loss reserves stood at $ 108.3 million . Previously , Columbia did n't have to adjust the book value of its junk - bond holdings to reflect declines in market prices , because it held the bonds as long - term investments . Because Columbia now must sell the bonds within five years , accounting rules require the thrift to value the bonds at the lower of cost or market prices . But he said Columbia remains " one of the most strongly capitalized thrifts in the industry , " based on the economic value of its assets and tangible capital . Columbia announced the results after the close of the stock market . Its shares  closed at $ 5.125 each in composite New York Stock Exchange trading , down 37.5 cents . The stock 's decline accelerated in the past two weeks , from a price of $ 8 a share on Oct. 9 . Although many of the transactions related to those securities have n't been completed , Columbia said the ultimate gain on the sale of those assets will range from $ 200 million to $ 300 million . David B. Hilder in New York contributed to this article . 	answer: negative
event: Dow Jones launched the offer on Sept. 26 starts before Telerate 's management expects the company 's revenue to increase by 20 % annually story: Dow Jones amp Co. extended its tender offer of $ 18 a share , or about $ 576 million , for the 33 % of Telerate Inc. that it does n't already own until 5 p.m. EST , Nov. 6 . The offer , which Telerate 's two independent directors have rejected as inadequate , previously had been scheduled to expire at midnight Friday . Dow Jones said it extended the offer to allow shareholders time to review a supplement to the Dow Jones tender offer circular that it mailed last Friday . The supplement contains various information that has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission since Dow Jones  launched the offer on Sept. 26 , but it does n't change the terms and conditions of the offer except to extend its expiration date . In Delaware Chancery Court litigation , Telerate has criticized Dow Jones for not disclosing that Telerate 's management  expects the company 's revenue to increase by 20 % annually , while Dow Jones based its projections of Telerate 's performance on a 12 % revenue growth forecast . In the tender offer supplement , Dow Jones discloses the different growth forecasts but says it views the 20 % growth rate " as a hoped - for goal " of Telerate 's management " and not as a realistic basis on which to project the company 's likely future performance . Dow Jones shares also fell 50 cents to close at $ 36.125 in Big Board composite trading . Late last week , representatives of Dow Jones and Telerate began negotiations about the terms of the offer , but those talks did n't result in any changes in the offer . Telerate provides information about financial markets through an electronic network . 	answer: positive
event: Dow Jones launched the offer on Sept. 26 starts after Telerate 's management expects the company 's revenue to increase by 20 % annually story: Dow Jones amp Co. extended its tender offer of $ 18 a share , or about $ 576 million , for the 33 % of Telerate Inc. that it does n't already own until 5 p.m. EST , Nov. 6 . The offer , which Telerate 's two independent directors have rejected as inadequate , previously had been scheduled to expire at midnight Friday . Dow Jones said it extended the offer to allow shareholders time to review a supplement to the Dow Jones tender offer circular that it mailed last Friday . The supplement contains various information that has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission since Dow Jones  launched the offer on Sept. 26 , but it does n't change the terms and conditions of the offer except to extend its expiration date . In Delaware Chancery Court litigation , Telerate has criticized Dow Jones for not disclosing that Telerate 's management  expects the company 's revenue to increase by 20 % annually , while Dow Jones based its projections of Telerate 's performance on a 12 % revenue growth forecast . In the tender offer supplement , Dow Jones discloses the different growth forecasts but says it views the 20 % growth rate " as a hoped - for goal " of Telerate 's management " and not as a realistic basis on which to project the company 's likely future performance . Dow Jones shares also fell 50 cents to close at $ 36.125 in Big Board composite trading . Late last week , representatives of Dow Jones and Telerate began negotiations about the terms of the offer , but those talks did n't result in any changes in the offer . Telerate provides information about financial markets through an electronic network . 	answer: negative
event: Hungary returning to her natural habitat starts after been our manifest destiny to rejoin those with whom we share the same values , interests and goals story: The North Atlantic Treaty Organization embraced three of its former rivals , the Czech Republic , Hungary and Poland on Friday , formally ending the Soviet domination of those nations that began after World War II and opening a new path for the military alliance . In Warsaw , Poland , after dark , as fireworks lit the sky , the Polish flag and the flag of NATO were raised side by side near the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier in Pilsudski Square The enlargement of NATO from 16 members to 19 has been one of the administration 's foremost foreign policy goals , one that grew out of a desire , its proponents said , to cement the democratic gains made in the former Warsaw Pact countries after the collapse of communism 10 years ago . Steadily and systematically , we will continue erasing _ without replacing _ the line drawn in Europe by Stalin 's bloody boot . ' ' The NATO summit , she said , would produce an initiative that ` ` responds to the grave threat posed by weapons of mass destruction and their means of delivery . ' ' ` ` We must be clear in explaining that a settlement without NATO - led enforcement is not acceptable because only NATO has the credibility and capability to make it work , ' ' she said . Their message was that NATO should be used as the mechanism to secure the democratic progress of their countries and at the same dissuade Russia from any more imperial designs . Poland has been sensitive to the reactions of Russia to its membership of NATO , and Geremek has gone out of his way to reassure the Russians . 	answer: positive
event: Hungary returning to her natural habitat starts before been our manifest destiny to rejoin those with whom we share the same values , interests and goals story: The North Atlantic Treaty Organization embraced three of its former rivals , the Czech Republic , Hungary and Poland on Friday , formally ending the Soviet domination of those nations that began after World War II and opening a new path for the military alliance . In Warsaw , Poland , after dark , as fireworks lit the sky , the Polish flag and the flag of NATO were raised side by side near the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier in Pilsudski Square The enlargement of NATO from 16 members to 19 has been one of the administration 's foremost foreign policy goals , one that grew out of a desire , its proponents said , to cement the democratic gains made in the former Warsaw Pact countries after the collapse of communism 10 years ago . Steadily and systematically , we will continue erasing _ without replacing _ the line drawn in Europe by Stalin 's bloody boot . ' ' The NATO summit , she said , would produce an initiative that ` ` responds to the grave threat posed by weapons of mass destruction and their means of delivery . ' ' ` ` We must be clear in explaining that a settlement without NATO - led enforcement is not acceptable because only NATO has the credibility and capability to make it work , ' ' she said . Their message was that NATO should be used as the mechanism to secure the democratic progress of their countries and at the same dissuade Russia from any more imperial designs . Poland has been sensitive to the reactions of Russia to its membership of NATO , and Geremek has gone out of his way to reassure the Russians . 	answer: negative
event: In Delaware Chancery Court litigation Telerate criticized Dow Jones for not disclosing that Telerate 's management expects the company 's revenue to increase by 20 % annually while Dow Jones based its projections of Telerate 's performance on a 12 % revenue growth forecast starts before In the tender offer supplement Dow Jones says it views the 20 % growth rate " as a hoped - for goal " of Telerate 's management " and not as a realistic basis on which to project the company 's likely future performance story: Dow Jones amp Co. extended its tender offer of $ 18 a share , or about $ 576 million , for the 33 % of Telerate Inc. that it does n't already own until 5 p.m. EST , Nov. 6 . The offer , which Telerate 's two independent directors have rejected as inadequate , previously had been scheduled to expire at midnight Friday . In Delaware Chancery Court litigation , Telerate has  criticized Dow Jones for not disclosing that Telerate 's management expects the company 's revenue to increase by 20 % annually , while Dow Jones based its projections of Telerate 's performance on a 12 % revenue growth forecast . In the tender offer supplement , Dow Jones discloses the different growth forecasts but  says it views the 20 % growth rate " as a hoped - for goal " of Telerate 's management " and not as a realistic basis on which to project the company 's likely future performance . " Telerate shares fell 50 cents on Friday to close at $ 20 each in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . Dow Jones shares also fell 50 cents to close at $ 36.125 in Big Board composite trading . Late last week , representatives of Dow Jones and Telerate began negotiations about the terms of the offer , but those talks did n't result in any changes in the offer . Telerate provides information about financial markets through an electronic network . Dow Jones , which owns 67 % of Telerate , publishes The Wall Street Journal , Barron 's magazine , community newspapers and operates financial news services and computer data bases . 	answer: positive
event: In Delaware Chancery Court litigation Telerate criticized Dow Jones for not disclosing that Telerate 's management expects the company 's revenue to increase by 20 % annually while Dow Jones based its projections of Telerate 's performance on a 12 % revenue growth forecast starts after In the tender offer supplement Dow Jones says it views the 20 % growth rate " as a hoped - for goal " of Telerate 's management " and not as a realistic basis on which to project the company 's likely future performance story: Dow Jones amp Co. extended its tender offer of $ 18 a share , or about $ 576 million , for the 33 % of Telerate Inc. that it does n't already own until 5 p.m. EST , Nov. 6 . The offer , which Telerate 's two independent directors have rejected as inadequate , previously had been scheduled to expire at midnight Friday . In Delaware Chancery Court litigation , Telerate has  criticized Dow Jones for not disclosing that Telerate 's management expects the company 's revenue to increase by 20 % annually , while Dow Jones based its projections of Telerate 's performance on a 12 % revenue growth forecast . In the tender offer supplement , Dow Jones discloses the different growth forecasts but  says it views the 20 % growth rate " as a hoped - for goal " of Telerate 's management " and not as a realistic basis on which to project the company 's likely future performance . " Telerate shares fell 50 cents on Friday to close at $ 20 each in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . Dow Jones shares also fell 50 cents to close at $ 36.125 in Big Board composite trading . Late last week , representatives of Dow Jones and Telerate began negotiations about the terms of the offer , but those talks did n't result in any changes in the offer . Telerate provides information about financial markets through an electronic network . Dow Jones , which owns 67 % of Telerate , publishes The Wall Street Journal , Barron 's magazine , community newspapers and operates financial news services and computer data bases . 	answer: negative
event: The State Department , which does not want to see Kenya and Tanzania punished economically as a result of terrorist attacks that were clearly targeted at the United States lifted dire travel warnings issued just the bombings that urged Americans to stay away from the two countries starts after just the bombings that urged Americans to stay away from the two countries story: _ New public announcements put out on Aug. 13 suggest only that Americans ` ` exercise caution ' ' when visiting Kenya and Tanzania . The bombed - out Embassy in Nairobi is expected to be demolished after the FBI has finished gathering evidence . Foreign visitors to Nairobi and Dar es Salaam since the bombings have noted a reassuringly heavy presence of both police and soldiers on the streets of the two capitals . ` ` We do expect a little downward movement in the industry . ' ' The government has responded to the slump with a series of actions to lure tourists back , including a marked improvement in the service of Kenya Airways , the national airline , which has gone into partnership with KLM Royal Dutch Airlines . But the lack of infrastructure has worked to Tanzania 's advantage in recent years given the dramatic growth in the number of adventure travelers who are willing , even eager to go without the five - star safari resorts that Kenya offers . Ebrahim , whose company has been sending American travelers on East African safaris for 13 years , said that his company had received only one cancellation as a result of the embassy bombings _ and that he did not expect many more . ` ` We had one cancellation from a couple who decided they were just going to wait and see what happened , ' ' he said . ` ` Our clients are adventure travelers and most of them are very savvy . ( 254 - 2 ) 751 - 613 . 	answer: positive
event: The State Department , which does not want to see Kenya and Tanzania punished economically as a result of terrorist attacks that were clearly targeted at the United States lifted dire travel warnings issued just the bombings that urged Americans to stay away from the two countries starts before just the bombings that urged Americans to stay away from the two countries story: _ New public announcements put out on Aug. 13 suggest only that Americans ` ` exercise caution ' ' when visiting Kenya and Tanzania . The bombed - out Embassy in Nairobi is expected to be demolished after the FBI has finished gathering evidence . Foreign visitors to Nairobi and Dar es Salaam since the bombings have noted a reassuringly heavy presence of both police and soldiers on the streets of the two capitals . ` ` We do expect a little downward movement in the industry . ' ' The government has responded to the slump with a series of actions to lure tourists back , including a marked improvement in the service of Kenya Airways , the national airline , which has gone into partnership with KLM Royal Dutch Airlines . But the lack of infrastructure has worked to Tanzania 's advantage in recent years given the dramatic growth in the number of adventure travelers who are willing , even eager to go without the five - star safari resorts that Kenya offers . Ebrahim , whose company has been sending American travelers on East African safaris for 13 years , said that his company had received only one cancellation as a result of the embassy bombings _ and that he did not expect many more . ` ` We had one cancellation from a couple who decided they were just going to wait and see what happened , ' ' he said . ` ` Our clients are adventure travelers and most of them are very savvy . ( 254 - 2 ) 751 - 613 . 	answer: negative
event: Armco shares closed unchanged at $ 10.625 in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange starts after National Intergroup which owns 50 % of the nation 's sixth largest steelmaker -- National Steel Corp. story: Bethlehem Steel Corp. , hammered by higher costs and lower shipments to key automotive and service - center customers , posted a 54 % drop in third - quarter profit . Wall Street analysts expect the disappointing trend to continue into the fourth quarter and through at least the first two quarters of 1990 , when the industry will increasingly see the effect of price erosion in major product lines , such as rolled sheet used for cars , appliances and construction . " However , in spite of the difficult industrywide environment of high cost and low volume , Bethlehem " had pretty good earnings numbers , " said Michelle Galanter Applebaum , an analyst with Still , Bethlehem 's core basic steel operations experienced a steep drop in operating profit to $ 58.6 million from $ 186.4 million a year ago , when the industry enjoyed strong demand and pricing . At the same time , production costs , compared with a year ago , were boosted by higher raw material and employment costs , which resulted from the company 's new labor pact effective June 1 . Operating profit dropped 46 % in its specialty flat - rolled steel segment . Last year 's results were hurt by $ 41.3 million in restructuring charges . The company noted that its Fox - Meyer Drug Co. , Ben Franklin Stores Inc. and Permian Corp. operations showed improvements as a result of restructuring moves . National Intergroup is negotiating for the sale of its 50 % interest in National Steel to concentrate more fully on drug distribution operations . 	answer: positive
event: Armco shares closed unchanged at $ 10.625 in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange starts before National Intergroup which owns 50 % of the nation 's sixth largest steelmaker -- National Steel Corp. story: Bethlehem Steel Corp. , hammered by higher costs and lower shipments to key automotive and service - center customers , posted a 54 % drop in third - quarter profit . Wall Street analysts expect the disappointing trend to continue into the fourth quarter and through at least the first two quarters of 1990 , when the industry will increasingly see the effect of price erosion in major product lines , such as rolled sheet used for cars , appliances and construction . " However , in spite of the difficult industrywide environment of high cost and low volume , Bethlehem " had pretty good earnings numbers , " said Michelle Galanter Applebaum , an analyst with Still , Bethlehem 's core basic steel operations experienced a steep drop in operating profit to $ 58.6 million from $ 186.4 million a year ago , when the industry enjoyed strong demand and pricing . At the same time , production costs , compared with a year ago , were boosted by higher raw material and employment costs , which resulted from the company 's new labor pact effective June 1 . Operating profit dropped 46 % in its specialty flat - rolled steel segment . Last year 's results were hurt by $ 41.3 million in restructuring charges . The company noted that its Fox - Meyer Drug Co. , Ben Franklin Stores Inc. and Permian Corp. operations showed improvements as a result of restructuring moves . National Intergroup is negotiating for the sale of its 50 % interest in National Steel to concentrate more fully on drug distribution operations . 	answer: negative
event: pressure built in this city , the home of a large number of Cuban exiles starts before the agency clearing the way for his return to Cuba story: MIAMI _ Elected officials in and around Miami warned U.S. immigration officials Wednesday that they should expect little help from the police here when they come for 6-year - old Elian Gonzalez , and they said this city could erupt in violence if federal agents tried to forcibly take the boy from his great - uncle 's house in Little Havana and send him back to Cuba . As of Wednesday evening , Lazaro Gonzalez , the boy 's great - uncle and temporary guardian , still had not signed an agreement to hand the child over to immigration officials if the Miami relatives lose a fight to keep him when the case is heard in May in the 11th Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals . ` ` I wo n't cooperate in anything , ' ' Gonzalez told a Spanish - language television station . ` ` The boy lives in my house , and they 'll have to go find him there . ' But an INS spokeswoman said the agency would revoke Elian 's permission to stay in the United States ,  clearing the way for his return to Cuba . In Havana , Cuban President Fidel Castro said that the boy 's father , Juan Miguel Gonzalez , would travel to the United States to bring his son home after the custody battle has been decided in the courts . ` ` We have the perfect formula for reinserting Elian , ' ' He also said that the group would be willing to wait as long as it takes to bring the boy back . How it changes things is a little hard to say at this point . ' 	answer: positive
event: pressure built in this city , the home of a large number of Cuban exiles starts after the agency clearing the way for his return to Cuba story: MIAMI _ Elected officials in and around Miami warned U.S. immigration officials Wednesday that they should expect little help from the police here when they come for 6-year - old Elian Gonzalez , and they said this city could erupt in violence if federal agents tried to forcibly take the boy from his great - uncle 's house in Little Havana and send him back to Cuba . As of Wednesday evening , Lazaro Gonzalez , the boy 's great - uncle and temporary guardian , still had not signed an agreement to hand the child over to immigration officials if the Miami relatives lose a fight to keep him when the case is heard in May in the 11th Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals . ` ` I wo n't cooperate in anything , ' ' Gonzalez told a Spanish - language television station . ` ` The boy lives in my house , and they 'll have to go find him there . ' But an INS spokeswoman said the agency would revoke Elian 's permission to stay in the United States ,  clearing the way for his return to Cuba . In Havana , Cuban President Fidel Castro said that the boy 's father , Juan Miguel Gonzalez , would travel to the United States to bring his son home after the custody battle has been decided in the courts . ` ` We have the perfect formula for reinserting Elian , ' ' He also said that the group would be willing to wait as long as it takes to bring the boy back . How it changes things is a little hard to say at this point . ' 	answer: negative
event: a nurse who badly wounded earlier this year in the bombing of an abortion clinic in Alabama starts before The advertisement said Kelli Conlin , the executive director of the New York State affiliate of Naral is intended to spotlight D'Amato 's vote against the 1994 Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act , which Schumer sponsored story: No suspects have been identified . Even before the killing , Schumer was tyring to draw more attention to the anti - abortion record of his opponent , Senator Alfonse D'Amato , a Republican who is also running on the Right to Life Party line . Now events are doing the work for Schumer . Slepian 's death was among the first topics raised in Saturday night 's debate between the two men , and it was instantly followed by a question to D'Amato on whether he opposed first - trimester abortions for adult women . The measure made it a Federal crime to attack or blockade an abortion clinic . D'Amato 's aides would not comment about the political ramifications of the slaying , and Schumer 's aides would not talk about whether they planned to refer to it in any advertisements , or whether the candidate planned to use it on the campaign trail . But , Isay added , ` ` it heightens the abortion issue . ' ' It was the same clinic where Slepian worked . He was replaced with two special prosecutors . ` ` Trying to score political points from a homicide can have a backlash , ' ' said Maureen Connelly , a media consultant not working for any candidate in next week 's election . 	answer: positive
event: a nurse who badly wounded earlier this year in the bombing of an abortion clinic in Alabama starts after The advertisement said Kelli Conlin , the executive director of the New York State affiliate of Naral is intended to spotlight D'Amato 's vote against the 1994 Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act , which Schumer sponsored story: No suspects have been identified . Even before the killing , Schumer was tyring to draw more attention to the anti - abortion record of his opponent , Senator Alfonse D'Amato , a Republican who is also running on the Right to Life Party line . Now events are doing the work for Schumer . Slepian 's death was among the first topics raised in Saturday night 's debate between the two men , and it was instantly followed by a question to D'Amato on whether he opposed first - trimester abortions for adult women . The measure made it a Federal crime to attack or blockade an abortion clinic . D'Amato 's aides would not comment about the political ramifications of the slaying , and Schumer 's aides would not talk about whether they planned to refer to it in any advertisements , or whether the candidate planned to use it on the campaign trail . But , Isay added , ` ` it heightens the abortion issue . ' ' It was the same clinic where Slepian worked . He was replaced with two special prosecutors . ` ` Trying to score political points from a homicide can have a backlash , ' ' said Maureen Connelly , a media consultant not working for any candidate in next week 's election . 	answer: negative
event: Sales rose 6.7 % to $ 4.27 billion from $ 4 billion starts before In New York Stock Exchange composite trading Kimberly - Clark closed at $ 66.50 a share up $ 1.50 story: Despite continuing problems in its newsprint business , Kimberly - Clark Corp. posted a 20 % gain in third - quarter net income . The consumer - products and newsprint company said net rose to $ 108.8 million , or $ 1.35 a share , from $ 90.5 million , or $ 1.12 a share , a year ago . Sales rose 6.2 % to $ 1.45 billion from $ 1.37 billion . After a flat second quarter tied largely to lower newsprint earnings , Kimberly - Clark attributed the gain to improved results in its consumer businesses in North America , Brazil and Korea . Those gains came from higher prices , particularly for disposable diapers and tissue products , and from increased sales , primarily for feminine - care products , the company said . Newsprint results continued to be depressed , the company added , because of industrywide price discounting . The quarter - to - quarter comparison was also enhanced by charges taken in the year - earlier period , including $ 11 million related to the modernization of a pulp and newsprint mill in Alabama . In the 1989 period also , interest expense and tax rates were lower than a year ago . In the first nine months , profit rose 10 % to $ 313.2 million , or $ 3.89 a share , from $ 283.9 million , or $ 3.53 a share . Sales  rose 6.7 % to $ 4.27 billion from $ 4 billion . In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Kimberly - Clark  closed at $ 66.50 a share , up $ 1.50 . 	answer: positive
event: Sales rose 6.7 % to $ 4.27 billion from $ 4 billion starts after In New York Stock Exchange composite trading Kimberly - Clark closed at $ 66.50 a share up $ 1.50 story: Despite continuing problems in its newsprint business , Kimberly - Clark Corp. posted a 20 % gain in third - quarter net income . The consumer - products and newsprint company said net rose to $ 108.8 million , or $ 1.35 a share , from $ 90.5 million , or $ 1.12 a share , a year ago . Sales rose 6.2 % to $ 1.45 billion from $ 1.37 billion . After a flat second quarter tied largely to lower newsprint earnings , Kimberly - Clark attributed the gain to improved results in its consumer businesses in North America , Brazil and Korea . Those gains came from higher prices , particularly for disposable diapers and tissue products , and from increased sales , primarily for feminine - care products , the company said . Newsprint results continued to be depressed , the company added , because of industrywide price discounting . The quarter - to - quarter comparison was also enhanced by charges taken in the year - earlier period , including $ 11 million related to the modernization of a pulp and newsprint mill in Alabama . In the 1989 period also , interest expense and tax rates were lower than a year ago . In the first nine months , profit rose 10 % to $ 313.2 million , or $ 3.89 a share , from $ 283.9 million , or $ 3.53 a share . Sales  rose 6.7 % to $ 4.27 billion from $ 4 billion . In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Kimberly - Clark  closed at $ 66.50 a share , up $ 1.50 . 	answer: negative
event: Parliamentary president Rita Suessmuth said the People 's Union correctly listed Jacques de Mathan as having donated about 274,500 marks in 1995 , but gave a false address for him starts after the People 's Union gave a false address for him story: BONN , Germany ( AP ) _ A phony address listed on disclosure forms for a French donor will cost the far - right German People 's Union about 549,000 marks ( dlrs 305,000 ) , parliament said Friday . Parliamentary president Rita Suessmuth  said the People 's Union correctly listed Jacques de Mathan as having donated about 274,500 marks in 1995 , but  gave a false address for him . German law requires parties to publish the name and address of anyone who donates more than 20,000 marks ( dlrs 11,000 ) . The anti - foreigner party said it wanted to protect the donor from possible attacks . Suessmuth said , however , that the law does not allow for providing a false address for any reason . The fine is twice the donation , as provided for under German party financing laws . Party spokesman Bernd Droese said the People 's Union would challenge the fine in court . The extremist party recently took a surprising 13 percent of the vote in elections in a depressed eastern German state , and hopes to win its first seats in the federal parliament this September . UR ( pfg - xx ) 	answer: positive
event: Parliamentary president Rita Suessmuth said the People 's Union correctly listed Jacques de Mathan as having donated about 274,500 marks in 1995 , but gave a false address for him starts before the People 's Union gave a false address for him story: BONN , Germany ( AP ) _ A phony address listed on disclosure forms for a French donor will cost the far - right German People 's Union about 549,000 marks ( dlrs 305,000 ) , parliament said Friday . Parliamentary president Rita Suessmuth  said the People 's Union correctly listed Jacques de Mathan as having donated about 274,500 marks in 1995 , but  gave a false address for him . German law requires parties to publish the name and address of anyone who donates more than 20,000 marks ( dlrs 11,000 ) . The anti - foreigner party said it wanted to protect the donor from possible attacks . Suessmuth said , however , that the law does not allow for providing a false address for any reason . The fine is twice the donation , as provided for under German party financing laws . Party spokesman Bernd Droese said the People 's Union would challenge the fine in court . The extremist party recently took a surprising 13 percent of the vote in elections in a depressed eastern German state , and hopes to win its first seats in the federal parliament this September . UR ( pfg - xx ) 	answer: negative
event: Kosovo where the Yugoslav leader , Slobodan Milosevic resisting the deployment of NATO - led troops starts before We must be clear in explaining that a settlement without NATO - led enforcement is not acceptable because only NATO has the credibility and capability to make it work story: In a ceremony tinged with the personal and the emotional at the Truman Presidential Library here , Secretary of State Madeleine Albright watched the foreign ministers of the three countries sign the documents of accession to the alliance , signed them herself and then held them aloft like a victory trophy . Albright , who was born in Prague and fled just after the Communist takeover in 1948 , made no secret of her joy at her homeland and its neighbors joining the alliance after a six year trans - Atlantic diplomatic process led by the Clinton administration . ` ` Accession to NATO is a guarantee that we will never again become powerless victims of any foreign aggression , ' ' Kavan said . The secretary made the fairly unorthodox decision to choose a site outside Washington because she wanted the ceremony to resonate with the memories of President Truman , under whom NATO was founded . The Clinton administration embarked on the expansion of NATO in 1993 after Clinton met in Washington with President Havel and Lech Walesa , who was then the president of Poland . Their message was that NATO should be used as the mechanism to secure the democratic progress of their countries and at the same dissuade Russia from any more imperial designs . The U.S. ambassador to Poland , Dan Fried , who was then on the National Security Council , said Friday that he remembered being asked to help ` ` turn this pious wish into a policy . ' ' In July 1997 , at a summit in Madrid , Spain , the alliance announced it would accept Poland , Hungary and the Czech Republic . 	answer: positive
event: Kosovo where the Yugoslav leader , Slobodan Milosevic resisting the deployment of NATO - led troops starts after We must be clear in explaining that a settlement without NATO - led enforcement is not acceptable because only NATO has the credibility and capability to make it work story: In a ceremony tinged with the personal and the emotional at the Truman Presidential Library here , Secretary of State Madeleine Albright watched the foreign ministers of the three countries sign the documents of accession to the alliance , signed them herself and then held them aloft like a victory trophy . Albright , who was born in Prague and fled just after the Communist takeover in 1948 , made no secret of her joy at her homeland and its neighbors joining the alliance after a six year trans - Atlantic diplomatic process led by the Clinton administration . ` ` Accession to NATO is a guarantee that we will never again become powerless victims of any foreign aggression , ' ' Kavan said . The secretary made the fairly unorthodox decision to choose a site outside Washington because she wanted the ceremony to resonate with the memories of President Truman , under whom NATO was founded . The Clinton administration embarked on the expansion of NATO in 1993 after Clinton met in Washington with President Havel and Lech Walesa , who was then the president of Poland . Their message was that NATO should be used as the mechanism to secure the democratic progress of their countries and at the same dissuade Russia from any more imperial designs . The U.S. ambassador to Poland , Dan Fried , who was then on the National Security Council , said Friday that he remembered being asked to help ` ` turn this pious wish into a policy . ' ' In July 1997 , at a summit in Madrid , Spain , the alliance announced it would accept Poland , Hungary and the Czech Republic . 	answer: negative
event: what prompted the recent moves starts before Mr. Edelman saying they are meant only to benefit shareholders when " the company is on a roll story: Intelogic Trace Inc. , San Antonio , Texas , said it bought 2.7 million shares , or about 18 % , of its common stock from an unaffiliated shareholder for $ 3.625 a share , or $ 9.9 million . The move boosts Intelogic Chairman Asher Edelman 's stake to 20 % from 16.2 % and may help prevent Martin Ackerman from making a run at the computer - services concern . Mr. Ackerman already is seeking to oust Mr. Edelman as chairman of Datapoint Corp. , an Intelogic affiliate . The action followed by one day an Intelogic announcement that it will retain an investment banker to explore alternatives " to maximize shareholder value , " including the possible sale of the company . In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Intelogic shares rose 37.5 cents to close at $ 2.75 . Mr. Edelman declined to specify what  prompted the recent moves ,  saying they are meant only to benefit shareholders when " the company is on a roll . " He added , " This has nothing to do with Marty Ackerman and it is not designed , particularly , to take the company private . " But Mr. Ackerman said the buy - back , and the above - market price paid , prove that Mr. Edelman is running scared . 	answer: positive
event: what prompted the recent moves starts after Mr. Edelman saying they are meant only to benefit shareholders when " the company is on a roll story: Intelogic Trace Inc. , San Antonio , Texas , said it bought 2.7 million shares , or about 18 % , of its common stock from an unaffiliated shareholder for $ 3.625 a share , or $ 9.9 million . The move boosts Intelogic Chairman Asher Edelman 's stake to 20 % from 16.2 % and may help prevent Martin Ackerman from making a run at the computer - services concern . Mr. Ackerman already is seeking to oust Mr. Edelman as chairman of Datapoint Corp. , an Intelogic affiliate . The action followed by one day an Intelogic announcement that it will retain an investment banker to explore alternatives " to maximize shareholder value , " including the possible sale of the company . In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Intelogic shares rose 37.5 cents to close at $ 2.75 . Mr. Edelman declined to specify what  prompted the recent moves ,  saying they are meant only to benefit shareholders when " the company is on a roll . " He added , " This has nothing to do with Marty Ackerman and it is not designed , particularly , to take the company private . " But Mr. Ackerman said the buy - back , and the above - market price paid , prove that Mr. Edelman is running scared . 	answer: negative
event: Tourism industry revenues reportedly dropped to $ 300 million last year down from $ 450 million the year before starts before the national airline which gone into partnership with KLM Royal Dutch Airlines story: _ Tour operators who specialize in travel in Kenya and Tanzania , which boast some of Africa 's best game parks and sunniest beaches , say there have been no mass cancellations as a result of the Aug. 7 Embassy bombings in Nairobi , the Kenyan capital , and Dar es Salaam , Tanzania , which left more than 250 people dead . The bombed - out Embassy in Nairobi is expected to be demolished after the FBI has finished gathering evidence . The embassy in Dar es Salaam suffered less damage from the blast , although it , too , may have to be razed . For now , the State Department says , Embassy employees can offer only emergency consular service . ` ` We do expect a little downward movement in the industry . ' ' Tourism industry revenues reportedly  dropped to $ 300 million last year , down from $ 450 million the year before . The bombing will doubtless set back those efforts . But the lack of infrastructure has worked to Tanzania 's advantage in recent years given the dramatic growth in the number of adventure travelers who are willing , even eager to go without the five - star safari resorts that Kenya offers . The number of visitors to Tanzania jumped from fewer than 100,000 in 1980 to more than 300,000 last year , prompting the government to improve roads needed for safari tours . ` ` Tanzania has just been underdeveloped for years , and they 're beginning to develop it now , ' ' said Jalal Ebrahim , president of Safaricentre International , a tour operator in Manhattan Beach , ( 254 - 2 ) 751 - 613 . 	answer: positive
event: Tourism industry revenues reportedly dropped to $ 300 million last year down from $ 450 million the year before starts after the national airline which gone into partnership with KLM Royal Dutch Airlines story: _ Tour operators who specialize in travel in Kenya and Tanzania , which boast some of Africa 's best game parks and sunniest beaches , say there have been no mass cancellations as a result of the Aug. 7 Embassy bombings in Nairobi , the Kenyan capital , and Dar es Salaam , Tanzania , which left more than 250 people dead . The bombed - out Embassy in Nairobi is expected to be demolished after the FBI has finished gathering evidence . The embassy in Dar es Salaam suffered less damage from the blast , although it , too , may have to be razed . For now , the State Department says , Embassy employees can offer only emergency consular service . ` ` We do expect a little downward movement in the industry . ' ' Tourism industry revenues reportedly  dropped to $ 300 million last year , down from $ 450 million the year before . The bombing will doubtless set back those efforts . But the lack of infrastructure has worked to Tanzania 's advantage in recent years given the dramatic growth in the number of adventure travelers who are willing , even eager to go without the five - star safari resorts that Kenya offers . The number of visitors to Tanzania jumped from fewer than 100,000 in 1980 to more than 300,000 last year , prompting the government to improve roads needed for safari tours . ` ` Tanzania has just been underdeveloped for years , and they 're beginning to develop it now , ' ' said Jalal Ebrahim , president of Safaricentre International , a tour operator in Manhattan Beach , ( 254 - 2 ) 751 - 613 . 	answer: negative
event: the Democrat , Charles Schumer , another abortion - rights supporter , not raised Slepian 's death himself starts before it puts a new emphasis on the issue story: Now events are doing the work for Schumer . On Tuesday , the National Abortion and Reproductive Rights Action League plans to hold a news conference to screen a television advertisement _ made last week , before Slepian died _ featuring Emily Lyons , a nurse who was badly wounded earlier this year in the bombing of an abortion clinic in Alabama . The measure made it a Federal crime to attack or blockade an abortion clinic . ` ` It 's incredibly sincere and powerful and it would have been regardless , ' ' she said . But , Isay added , ` ` it heightens the abortion issue . ' ' Steven Goldstein , the campaign spokesman for Spitzer , was less reticent . Goldstein said . ` ` Stopping clinic violence is going to be a major theme of our campaign from now to Election Day . ' ' In Sunday 's debate against Vacco , Spitzer attacked him for failing to enforce a court order in 1992 against anti - abortion protesters who had blocked the entrance to a clinic . It was the same clinic where Slepian worked . He was replaced with two special prosecutors . Vacco 's campaign manager , Matt Behrmann , said in a statement that Spitzer had ` ` sunk to a new and despicable low by attempting to capitalize on the murder of a physician in order to garner votes . ' ' ` ` It 's possible that New York politics has never seen anything as crass as Eliot Spitzer 's willingness to exploit the unfortunate murder of Slepian as a steppingstone for his own political ambitions , ' ' Berhrmann said . 	answer: positive
event: the Democrat , Charles Schumer , another abortion - rights supporter , not raised Slepian 's death himself starts after it puts a new emphasis on the issue story: Now events are doing the work for Schumer . On Tuesday , the National Abortion and Reproductive Rights Action League plans to hold a news conference to screen a television advertisement _ made last week , before Slepian died _ featuring Emily Lyons , a nurse who was badly wounded earlier this year in the bombing of an abortion clinic in Alabama . The measure made it a Federal crime to attack or blockade an abortion clinic . ` ` It 's incredibly sincere and powerful and it would have been regardless , ' ' she said . But , Isay added , ` ` it heightens the abortion issue . ' ' Steven Goldstein , the campaign spokesman for Spitzer , was less reticent . Goldstein said . ` ` Stopping clinic violence is going to be a major theme of our campaign from now to Election Day . ' ' In Sunday 's debate against Vacco , Spitzer attacked him for failing to enforce a court order in 1992 against anti - abortion protesters who had blocked the entrance to a clinic . It was the same clinic where Slepian worked . He was replaced with two special prosecutors . Vacco 's campaign manager , Matt Behrmann , said in a statement that Spitzer had ` ` sunk to a new and despicable low by attempting to capitalize on the murder of a physician in order to garner votes . ' ' ` ` It 's possible that New York politics has never seen anything as crass as Eliot Spitzer 's willingness to exploit the unfortunate murder of Slepian as a steppingstone for his own political ambitions , ' ' Berhrmann said . 	answer: negative
event: Another analyst , John C. Maxwell Jr. of Wheat , First Securities in Richmond , Va. , recently went to a " sell " recommendation on Kellogg stock , which closed Friday at $ 71.75 , down 75 cents , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading starts before I do n't think Kellogg can get back to 40 % this year he said story: This has n't been Kellogg Co. 's year . And now Kellogg is indefinitely suspending work on what was to be a $ 1 billion cereal plant . The company said it was delaying construction because of current market conditions . Led by its oat - based Cheerios line , General Mills has gained an estimated 2 % share so far this year , mostly at the expense of Kellogg . Kellogg is so anxious to turn around Corn Flakes sales that it soon will begin selling boxes for as little as 99 cents , trade sources say . Cheerios and Honey Nut Cheerios have eaten away sales normally going to Kellogg 's corn - based lines simply because they are made of oats , " says Merrill Lynch food analyst William Maguire . People are reading the boxes and deciding they want something that 's ` healthy ' for you -- oats , bran . In announcing the plant delay , Kellogg Chairman William E. LaMothe said , " Cereal volume growth in the U.S. has not met our expectations for 1989 " . A Kellogg officer , who asked not to be named , said the Memphis project was " pulled in for a reconsideration of costs , " an indication that the ambitious plans might be scaled back in any future construction . Subcontractors said they were told that equipment orders would be delayed . Fluor Daniel already has reassigned most of its work crew , the sources said . Last Friday 's announcement was the first official word that the project was in trouble and that the company 's plans for a surge in market share may have been overly optimistic . As expected , Kellogg reported lower third - quarter earnings . 	answer: positive
event: Another analyst , John C. Maxwell Jr. of Wheat , First Securities in Richmond , Va. , recently went to a " sell " recommendation on Kellogg stock , which closed Friday at $ 71.75 , down 75 cents , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading starts after I do n't think Kellogg can get back to 40 % this year he said story: This has n't been Kellogg Co. 's year . And now Kellogg is indefinitely suspending work on what was to be a $ 1 billion cereal plant . The company said it was delaying construction because of current market conditions . Led by its oat - based Cheerios line , General Mills has gained an estimated 2 % share so far this year , mostly at the expense of Kellogg . Kellogg is so anxious to turn around Corn Flakes sales that it soon will begin selling boxes for as little as 99 cents , trade sources say . Cheerios and Honey Nut Cheerios have eaten away sales normally going to Kellogg 's corn - based lines simply because they are made of oats , " says Merrill Lynch food analyst William Maguire . People are reading the boxes and deciding they want something that 's ` healthy ' for you -- oats , bran . In announcing the plant delay , Kellogg Chairman William E. LaMothe said , " Cereal volume growth in the U.S. has not met our expectations for 1989 " . A Kellogg officer , who asked not to be named , said the Memphis project was " pulled in for a reconsideration of costs , " an indication that the ambitious plans might be scaled back in any future construction . Subcontractors said they were told that equipment orders would be delayed . Fluor Daniel already has reassigned most of its work crew , the sources said . Last Friday 's announcement was the first official word that the project was in trouble and that the company 's plans for a surge in market share may have been overly optimistic . As expected , Kellogg reported lower third - quarter earnings . 	answer: negative
event: abortion gradually dwindled as a local issue since Operation Rescue , an anti - abortion group , started a series of largely unsuccessful ` ` Spring of Life ' ' demonstrations in 1992 intended to shut down abortion clinics and harass local doctors , including Slepian starts after the local religious leaders who led the 1992 protests story: Additional details of the slaying emerged on Sunday . Slepian 's lawyer , Glenn Edward Murray , said the sniper 's bullet entered through a partially draped kitchen window , hit Slepian in the back and exited through his chest . The doctor 's wife and one of his sons were in the kitchen when the shooting occurred , Murray said . The bullet bounced off a cabinet and ricocheted into the living room , where the doctor 's three other children were watching television , Murray said . For the most part , people on both sides of the abortion issue expressed outrage at the shooting . Spitz said in a statement released to The Associated Press , ` ` the same way we would want someone to protect us . Whoever shot the shot protected the children . ' ' Most other opponents of abortion , however , condemned the shooting and abortion . ` ` He called on many of the same people to express outrage at partial birth abortion , which he called the equivalent of infanticide , ' ' ' Susan Dudley , deputy director of the National Abortion Federation , assailed the remarks and called on anti - abortion groups to shift their tactics . ` ` They are the ones who call these doctors murderers . ' ' In Amherst , residents who said they opposed abortion decried the attack and said they hoped the perpetrator was caught . ` ` Everyone else has gone away . ' ' 	answer: positive
event: abortion gradually dwindled as a local issue since Operation Rescue , an anti - abortion group , started a series of largely unsuccessful ` ` Spring of Life ' ' demonstrations in 1992 intended to shut down abortion clinics and harass local doctors , including Slepian starts before the local religious leaders who led the 1992 protests story: Additional details of the slaying emerged on Sunday . Slepian 's lawyer , Glenn Edward Murray , said the sniper 's bullet entered through a partially draped kitchen window , hit Slepian in the back and exited through his chest . The doctor 's wife and one of his sons were in the kitchen when the shooting occurred , Murray said . The bullet bounced off a cabinet and ricocheted into the living room , where the doctor 's three other children were watching television , Murray said . For the most part , people on both sides of the abortion issue expressed outrage at the shooting . Spitz said in a statement released to The Associated Press , ` ` the same way we would want someone to protect us . Whoever shot the shot protected the children . ' ' Most other opponents of abortion , however , condemned the shooting and abortion . ` ` He called on many of the same people to express outrage at partial birth abortion , which he called the equivalent of infanticide , ' ' ' Susan Dudley , deputy director of the National Abortion Federation , assailed the remarks and called on anti - abortion groups to shift their tactics . ` ` They are the ones who call these doctors murderers . ' ' In Amherst , residents who said they opposed abortion decried the attack and said they hoped the perpetrator was caught . ` ` Everyone else has gone away . ' ' 	answer: negative
event: a town where expressing even the slightest approval for Cuban President Fidel Castro starts before a move that many see as courageous and principled story: Until this week . Reno denied the request , but Manuel Gonzalez did n't back down . ` ` I have lost a son , ' ' Gonzalez told reporters later , referring to his own son 's death due to cancer . Elian should be with his father . ' ` ` There has been a lot of pressure , and he feels this is a family affair . ' ' Then came another sister , Georgina , in 1983 , followed by Manuel and Lazaro in 1984 . The family 's experience is like that of thousands of others now split between Miami and Cuba , said Damien Fernandez , a Cuban - American political scientist at Florida International University . In desperate need of hard currency , Castro relaxed travel restrictions and allowed Cubans to have U.S. dollars , triggering a trickle of cash from Miami that soon became a flood . By some estimates , the 700,000 Cubans living in South Florida _ and elsewhere in the United States _ send $ 1 billion a year in remittances back to their families on the island . ` ` Although many families are still divided by politics , they have learned to forgive and forget and find common ground . ' ' Prior to Elian , the Gonzalez family apparently was no different . But while Cuban exiles outside the courthouse cheered Lazaro and his family , their angry taunts seemed to shock Manuel . His lawyer , however , insists he will continue to stand up for what he thinks is right . 	answer: positive
event: a town where expressing even the slightest approval for Cuban President Fidel Castro starts after a move that many see as courageous and principled story: Until this week . Reno denied the request , but Manuel Gonzalez did n't back down . ` ` I have lost a son , ' ' Gonzalez told reporters later , referring to his own son 's death due to cancer . Elian should be with his father . ' ` ` There has been a lot of pressure , and he feels this is a family affair . ' ' Then came another sister , Georgina , in 1983 , followed by Manuel and Lazaro in 1984 . The family 's experience is like that of thousands of others now split between Miami and Cuba , said Damien Fernandez , a Cuban - American political scientist at Florida International University . In desperate need of hard currency , Castro relaxed travel restrictions and allowed Cubans to have U.S. dollars , triggering a trickle of cash from Miami that soon became a flood . By some estimates , the 700,000 Cubans living in South Florida _ and elsewhere in the United States _ send $ 1 billion a year in remittances back to their families on the island . ` ` Although many families are still divided by politics , they have learned to forgive and forget and find common ground . ' ' Prior to Elian , the Gonzalez family apparently was no different . But while Cuban exiles outside the courthouse cheered Lazaro and his family , their angry taunts seemed to shock Manuel . His lawyer , however , insists he will continue to stand up for what he thinks is right . 	answer: negative
event: The FBI continues to receive threats from individuals and organizations with ties to Bin Laden starts after The FBI receive threats from individuals and organizations with ties to Bin Laden story: FBI Director Louis Freeh said the U.S. government is offering a reward of up to $ 5 million for information that leads to the arrest and conviction of Bin Laden , indicted as the architect of the twin bombings of American embassies in Kenya and Tanzania . The Aug. 7 , 1998 , bombings killed more than 200 people , including 12 Americans . N.Y. Slepian provided legal abortions in western New York state . Reno said Bin Laden and Kopp have one thing in common : Each wrongly believes he is justified in using all means possible to achieve his goal . Freeh said Bin Laden may be hiding out in Afghanistan , which has been uncooperative in the case . Kopp purports to be a devout Roman Catholic , and the majority of jobs he has held over the past 20 years have been related to the anti - abortion movement , the Justice Department said in a news release . State Department international security director Dave Carpenter said that placing Bin Laden on the most - wanted list ` ` underscores the unwavering commitment ' ' by the United States ` ` to fight terrorism . ' ' Carpenter said the U.S. government 's counterterrorism program has paid out over $ 6 million in some 20 cases around the world for credible information . Since then , 427 fugitives have been taken into custody or located , 133 of them as a result of citizen assistance , the FBI said . He has been arrested more than a dozen times during abortion protests in seven states and Italy , but has no felony convictions . 	answer: positive
event: The FBI continues to receive threats from individuals and organizations with ties to Bin Laden starts before The FBI receive threats from individuals and organizations with ties to Bin Laden story: FBI Director Louis Freeh said the U.S. government is offering a reward of up to $ 5 million for information that leads to the arrest and conviction of Bin Laden , indicted as the architect of the twin bombings of American embassies in Kenya and Tanzania . The Aug. 7 , 1998 , bombings killed more than 200 people , including 12 Americans . N.Y. Slepian provided legal abortions in western New York state . Reno said Bin Laden and Kopp have one thing in common : Each wrongly believes he is justified in using all means possible to achieve his goal . Freeh said Bin Laden may be hiding out in Afghanistan , which has been uncooperative in the case . Kopp purports to be a devout Roman Catholic , and the majority of jobs he has held over the past 20 years have been related to the anti - abortion movement , the Justice Department said in a news release . State Department international security director Dave Carpenter said that placing Bin Laden on the most - wanted list ` ` underscores the unwavering commitment ' ' by the United States ` ` to fight terrorism . ' ' Carpenter said the U.S. government 's counterterrorism program has paid out over $ 6 million in some 20 cases around the world for credible information . Since then , 427 fugitives have been taken into custody or located , 133 of them as a result of citizen assistance , the FBI said . He has been arrested more than a dozen times during abortion protests in seven states and Italy , but has no felony convictions . 	answer: negative
event: the North Atlantic Treaty Organization founded to halt the westward spread of Soviet - led communism starts before the North Atlantic Treaty Organization halt the westward spread of Soviet - led communism story: ` ` Hallelujah , ' ' It was during the Truman presidency that the North Atlantic Treaty Organization was  founded to  halt the westward spread of Soviet - led communism . Czech Foreign Minister Jan Kavan said he was in nearby Kansas City working with the anti - Soviet undergound in 1968 when Russian troops swept through Praque in the occupation of Czechoslovakia . In looking ahead to even greater expansion of NATO , Polish Foreign Minister Bronislaw Geremek said , ` ` We should keep the door of the alliance open for those who have fought for freedom ... Another curtain should never descend on Europe . ' ' Just what NATO will do with these eager applicants is not clear . NATO 's mission has changed dramatically since its founding in 1949 , a time when the West was intent on halting the westward spread of Soviet - led communism -- a threat Winston Churchill warned about in his famous ` ` Iron Curtain ' ' speech delivered on March 5 , 1946 , at Westminster College in Fulton , Mo. , 130 miles east of here . As NATO allies , the goal is much smaller armies capable of meeting a variety of contingencies . ' NATO Secretary General Javier Solana says , ` ` The accession of the Czech Republic , Hungary and Poland ... is perhaps the clearest demonstration of the fact that Europe is growing closer together . ' ' ` ` Extending membership to these three democracies helps to stabilize a region that historically has been the staging ground for many of the disasters of this century . ' ' But many Russians -- and some Americans -- are wary about the eastward encroachment of NATO . 	answer: positive
event: the North Atlantic Treaty Organization founded to halt the westward spread of Soviet - led communism starts after the North Atlantic Treaty Organization halt the westward spread of Soviet - led communism story: ` ` Hallelujah , ' ' It was during the Truman presidency that the North Atlantic Treaty Organization was  founded to  halt the westward spread of Soviet - led communism . Czech Foreign Minister Jan Kavan said he was in nearby Kansas City working with the anti - Soviet undergound in 1968 when Russian troops swept through Praque in the occupation of Czechoslovakia . In looking ahead to even greater expansion of NATO , Polish Foreign Minister Bronislaw Geremek said , ` ` We should keep the door of the alliance open for those who have fought for freedom ... Another curtain should never descend on Europe . ' ' Just what NATO will do with these eager applicants is not clear . NATO 's mission has changed dramatically since its founding in 1949 , a time when the West was intent on halting the westward spread of Soviet - led communism -- a threat Winston Churchill warned about in his famous ` ` Iron Curtain ' ' speech delivered on March 5 , 1946 , at Westminster College in Fulton , Mo. , 130 miles east of here . As NATO allies , the goal is much smaller armies capable of meeting a variety of contingencies . ' NATO Secretary General Javier Solana says , ` ` The accession of the Czech Republic , Hungary and Poland ... is perhaps the clearest demonstration of the fact that Europe is growing closer together . ' ' ` ` Extending membership to these three democracies helps to stabilize a region that historically has been the staging ground for many of the disasters of this century . ' ' But many Russians -- and some Americans -- are wary about the eastward encroachment of NATO . 	answer: negative
event: they just started firing starts before Ms. Sanders pronounced dead at the scene story: NEW YORK _ A Brooklyn woman who was watching her clothes dry in a laundromat was killed Thursday evening when two would - be robbers emptied their pistols into the store , the police said . The men appeared in the store at 469 Vermont St. in Brownsville around 7:15 p.m. , after the victim , Linda Sanders , 35 , had finished her cleaning and was waiting for her clothes to dry , detectives said . ` ` It looks as though they panicked , ' ' a detective , speaking on condition of anonymity , said of the robbers . ` ` They intended to rob the place . There were four or five people inside , and they just  started firing . ' ' Ms. Sanders was hit several times and was  pronounced dead at the scene . The other customers fled , and the police said it did not appear that anyone else was injured . The men took no money from their victim or from the establishment , said Detective Joseph Pentangelo , a Police Department spokesman . Victor Miranda , who lives in Ms. Sanders ' apartment building at 405 Williams Ave . , said the laundry machines in the building were removed a few years ago to make room for management offices . 	answer: positive
event: they just started firing starts after Ms. Sanders pronounced dead at the scene story: NEW YORK _ A Brooklyn woman who was watching her clothes dry in a laundromat was killed Thursday evening when two would - be robbers emptied their pistols into the store , the police said . The men appeared in the store at 469 Vermont St. in Brownsville around 7:15 p.m. , after the victim , Linda Sanders , 35 , had finished her cleaning and was waiting for her clothes to dry , detectives said . ` ` It looks as though they panicked , ' ' a detective , speaking on condition of anonymity , said of the robbers . ` ` They intended to rob the place . There were four or five people inside , and they just  started firing . ' ' Ms. Sanders was hit several times and was  pronounced dead at the scene . The other customers fled , and the police said it did not appear that anyone else was injured . The men took no money from their victim or from the establishment , said Detective Joseph Pentangelo , a Police Department spokesman . Victor Miranda , who lives in Ms. Sanders ' apartment building at 405 Williams Ave . , said the laundry machines in the building were removed a few years ago to make room for management offices . 	answer: negative
event: a Buffalo , N.Y. , doctor who performed abortions starts before it came from the same person as a hair found in a New Jersey home where James C. Kopp , a 44-year - old anti - abortion protester , lived last year story: WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- Preliminary DNA tests link a missing anti - abortion activist to a strand of hair found near where a sniper shot and killed a Buffalo , N.Y. , doctor who  performed abortions , a law enforcement official said Friday . The first DNA tests did not exclude a match between the two strands . Kopp has eluded authorities since they obtained a warrant for him as a material witness in the Oct. 23 sniper shooting of Dr. Barnett Slepian , a 52-year - old obstetrician - gynecologist who performed abortions . Meantime , FBI agents and Metropolitan Police officers assigned to a joint terrorism task force here scanned the crowd of anti - abortion protesters at the annual March for Life on Capitol Hill , because Kopp has been either a participant in or arrested at this march in each of the last three years , according to another law enforcement official , Both officials requested anonymity . This more extensive set of tests could enable officials to declare an absolute match between the two hair strands , the first law enforcement official said . ` ` Ultimately , we would need to have a hair taken directly from Kopp himself to establish conclusively the hair from scene is his , ' ' the official added . The official said the hair was in a cap that authorities found very near the location from which the sniper is thought to have fired the rifle bullet that killed Slepian as he stood in the kitchen of his home in the Buffalo suburb of Amherst , Authorities obtained a material - witness arrest warrant for Kopp after they said Kopp 's car was spotted in Amherst in the weeks before Slepian was killed . 	answer: positive
event: a Buffalo , N.Y. , doctor who performed abortions starts after it came from the same person as a hair found in a New Jersey home where James C. Kopp , a 44-year - old anti - abortion protester , lived last year story: WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- Preliminary DNA tests link a missing anti - abortion activist to a strand of hair found near where a sniper shot and killed a Buffalo , N.Y. , doctor who  performed abortions , a law enforcement official said Friday . The first DNA tests did not exclude a match between the two strands . Kopp has eluded authorities since they obtained a warrant for him as a material witness in the Oct. 23 sniper shooting of Dr. Barnett Slepian , a 52-year - old obstetrician - gynecologist who performed abortions . Meantime , FBI agents and Metropolitan Police officers assigned to a joint terrorism task force here scanned the crowd of anti - abortion protesters at the annual March for Life on Capitol Hill , because Kopp has been either a participant in or arrested at this march in each of the last three years , according to another law enforcement official , Both officials requested anonymity . This more extensive set of tests could enable officials to declare an absolute match between the two hair strands , the first law enforcement official said . ` ` Ultimately , we would need to have a hair taken directly from Kopp himself to establish conclusively the hair from scene is his , ' ' the official added . The official said the hair was in a cap that authorities found very near the location from which the sniper is thought to have fired the rifle bullet that killed Slepian as he stood in the kitchen of his home in the Buffalo suburb of Amherst , Authorities obtained a material - witness arrest warrant for Kopp after they said Kopp 's car was spotted in Amherst in the weeks before Slepian was killed . 	answer: negative
event: Castro called Munero -- who reportedly drove a taxi and engaged in unofficial businesses in the Cuban city of Cardenas -- a ` ` ruffian ' ' on whom Cuban police had amassed ' ' 100 pages of reports starts after Munero only jailed for several months story: HAVANA ( AP ) -- Calling the mother of Elian Gonzalez ` ` an excellent girl , ' ' He placed the blame on Lazaro Rafael Munero , who apparently organized the ill - fated journey on which Elian 's mother Elisabeth Brotons and 10 other people -- including Munero -- died . According to sources quoted by the Miami Herald , Munero had fled to Florida in June 1998 and returned to Cuba later that year , only to be  jailed for several months . ` ` Che ' ' Guevara and said the boy ` ` has been converted forever into a symbol of the crimes and injustices that imperialism is capable of committing against an innocent . ' ' The commemorations were similar to those held here annually for Marti , the revolutionary and poet who fought for Cuba 's independence from Spain in 1898 . But this year , children wore T - shirts bearing Elian 's portrait with their school uniforms . The commemorations began early Friday morning , as tens of thousands of Cubans marched through Havana 's streets by torchlight . In Old Havana , hundreds of children marched around the Parque Central chanting ` ` We will save Elian ! ' ' A small group of girls wore construction paper handcuffs -- an apparent reference to the government 's characterization of Elian 's retention in the United States as a ` ` kidnapping . ' ' His mother and 10 others died at sea while trying to reach the United States . Cuba kept up its condemnation of the handling of Wednesday 's meeting between Elian and his grandmothers at the home of a Roman Catholic nun in Miami Beach , 	answer: positive
event: Castro called Munero -- who reportedly drove a taxi and engaged in unofficial businesses in the Cuban city of Cardenas -- a ` ` ruffian ' ' on whom Cuban police had amassed ' ' 100 pages of reports starts before Munero only jailed for several months story: HAVANA ( AP ) -- Calling the mother of Elian Gonzalez ` ` an excellent girl , ' ' He placed the blame on Lazaro Rafael Munero , who apparently organized the ill - fated journey on which Elian 's mother Elisabeth Brotons and 10 other people -- including Munero -- died . According to sources quoted by the Miami Herald , Munero had fled to Florida in June 1998 and returned to Cuba later that year , only to be  jailed for several months . ` ` Che ' ' Guevara and said the boy ` ` has been converted forever into a symbol of the crimes and injustices that imperialism is capable of committing against an innocent . ' ' The commemorations were similar to those held here annually for Marti , the revolutionary and poet who fought for Cuba 's independence from Spain in 1898 . But this year , children wore T - shirts bearing Elian 's portrait with their school uniforms . The commemorations began early Friday morning , as tens of thousands of Cubans marched through Havana 's streets by torchlight . In Old Havana , hundreds of children marched around the Parque Central chanting ` ` We will save Elian ! ' ' A small group of girls wore construction paper handcuffs -- an apparent reference to the government 's characterization of Elian 's retention in the United States as a ` ` kidnapping . ' ' His mother and 10 others died at sea while trying to reach the United States . Cuba kept up its condemnation of the handling of Wednesday 's meeting between Elian and his grandmothers at the home of a Roman Catholic nun in Miami Beach , 	answer: negative
event: At a news conference Secretary of State James A. Baker III said Jordan ` ` is seeking some guidance ' ' about a provision in the U.N.-backed trade embargo that allows food for humanitarian purposes starts before Worries however grew about the safety of Americans and other Westerners trapped in Kuwait story: Foodstuffs are among the goods being blocked from entry ; Iraq imports about three - quarters of its food . Worries however  grew about the safety of Americans and other Westerners trapped in Kuwait . Iraqi military authorities ordered all Americans and Britons in Kuwait to assemble at a hotel , officials said . In addition to the estimated 45,000 Marines to ultimately be part of Operation Desert Shield , Stealth fighter planes and the aircraft carrier John F. Kennedy are also headed to Saudi Arabia to protect it from Iraqi expansionism . ` ` We do n't just arrive , ' ' said four - star Gen. John Dailey , assistant commandant of the U.S. Marine Corps . ` ` We 're there to stay for a fairly lengthy period . ' ' Egypt , Syria , Morocco and Bangladesh also committed ground troops , to a much lesser degree . one U.S. crew chief said . Bush 's chief objective in his meeting with Hussein was to press the king to shut down Iraq 's food and oil supply route from Aqaba on the Red Sea . Aqaba is Iraq 's only outlet now that an international noose has tightened . He also said of trade with Iraq : ` ` There are no shipments at the moment . ' ' In the United Nations , Libya called for the replacement of U.S. forces in the Persian Gulf with Arab League forces and U.N. soldiers . There was no decision on a meeting . The agency quoted witnesses as saying tanks and armored cars are patrolling the streets of Baghdad . 	answer: positive
event: At a news conference Secretary of State James A. Baker III said Jordan ` ` is seeking some guidance ' ' about a provision in the U.N.-backed trade embargo that allows food for humanitarian purposes starts after Worries however grew about the safety of Americans and other Westerners trapped in Kuwait story: Foodstuffs are among the goods being blocked from entry ; Iraq imports about three - quarters of its food . Worries however  grew about the safety of Americans and other Westerners trapped in Kuwait . Iraqi military authorities ordered all Americans and Britons in Kuwait to assemble at a hotel , officials said . In addition to the estimated 45,000 Marines to ultimately be part of Operation Desert Shield , Stealth fighter planes and the aircraft carrier John F. Kennedy are also headed to Saudi Arabia to protect it from Iraqi expansionism . ` ` We do n't just arrive , ' ' said four - star Gen. John Dailey , assistant commandant of the U.S. Marine Corps . ` ` We 're there to stay for a fairly lengthy period . ' ' Egypt , Syria , Morocco and Bangladesh also committed ground troops , to a much lesser degree . one U.S. crew chief said . Bush 's chief objective in his meeting with Hussein was to press the king to shut down Iraq 's food and oil supply route from Aqaba on the Red Sea . Aqaba is Iraq 's only outlet now that an international noose has tightened . He also said of trade with Iraq : ` ` There are no shipments at the moment . ' ' In the United Nations , Libya called for the replacement of U.S. forces in the Persian Gulf with Arab League forces and U.N. soldiers . There was no decision on a meeting . The agency quoted witnesses as saying tanks and armored cars are patrolling the streets of Baghdad . 	answer: negative
event: In addition Hadson said it will write off about $ 3.5 million in costs related to international exploration leases where exploration efforts have been unsuccessful starts before it will write about $ 3.5 million in costs related to international exploration leases where exploration efforts have been unsuccessful story: Hadson Corp. said it expects to report a third - quarter net loss of $ 17 million to $ 19 million because of special reserves and continued low natural - gas prices . The Oklahoma City energy and defense concern said it will record a $ 7.5 million reserve for its defense group , including a $ 4.7 million charge related to problems under a fixed - price development contract and $ 2.8 million in overhead costs that wo n't be reimbursed . In addition , Hadson  said it will  write off about $ 3.5 million in costs related to international exploration leases where exploration efforts have been unsuccessful . The company also cited interest costs and amortization of goodwill as factors in the loss . A year earlier , net income was $ 2.1 million , or six cents a share , on revenue of $ 169.9 million . 	answer: positive
event: In addition Hadson said it will write off about $ 3.5 million in costs related to international exploration leases where exploration efforts have been unsuccessful starts after it will write about $ 3.5 million in costs related to international exploration leases where exploration efforts have been unsuccessful story: Hadson Corp. said it expects to report a third - quarter net loss of $ 17 million to $ 19 million because of special reserves and continued low natural - gas prices . The Oklahoma City energy and defense concern said it will record a $ 7.5 million reserve for its defense group , including a $ 4.7 million charge related to problems under a fixed - price development contract and $ 2.8 million in overhead costs that wo n't be reimbursed . In addition , Hadson  said it will  write off about $ 3.5 million in costs related to international exploration leases where exploration efforts have been unsuccessful . The company also cited interest costs and amortization of goodwill as factors in the loss . A year earlier , net income was $ 2.1 million , or six cents a share , on revenue of $ 169.9 million . 	answer: negative
event: stop it if they come for him starts after who forming a human chain outside the home Monday story:  stop it if they come for him , ' ' said Ana Bonnin , one of about 100 exiles who practiced  forming a human chain outside the home Monday . ` ` We 'll try to do it peacefully , but you can only do so much . It was not clear whether the Gonzalez family would come to Miami to get Elian or if instead they would travel to Washington , Federal officials placed him with his Miami relatives , but kept custody over him . In January , Immigration and Naturalization Service Commissioner Doris Meissner ruled that Elian should go back to Cuba , a decision upheld by U.S. Attorney General Janet Reno . The Miami relatives filed a federal lawsuit to overturn the decision , but in March a Miami federal judge ruled against them . The family refused to sign the agreement through two days of negotiations , and INS extended its deadline until 9 a.m. EST Tuesday . The terms of the talks changed dramatically , however , when Castro announced last Wednesday that the boy 's father was ready to travel to the United States . Over the weekend , lawyers for the family raised accusations that Juan Miguel Gonzalez had mistreated his son in telephone conversations , saying he had told the boy that his mother was alive and waiting for him in Cuba . A new ABC News - Washington Post opinion poll shows that 6 of 10 Americans also believe the boy should go home with his father . But in Miami , Cuban exiles insist the majority of Americans do n't understand the dynamics of life in Cuba . Just how far they are willing to go to prove their point remains to be seen . 	answer: positive
event: stop it if they come for him starts before who forming a human chain outside the home Monday story:  stop it if they come for him , ' ' said Ana Bonnin , one of about 100 exiles who practiced  forming a human chain outside the home Monday . ` ` We 'll try to do it peacefully , but you can only do so much . It was not clear whether the Gonzalez family would come to Miami to get Elian or if instead they would travel to Washington , Federal officials placed him with his Miami relatives , but kept custody over him . In January , Immigration and Naturalization Service Commissioner Doris Meissner ruled that Elian should go back to Cuba , a decision upheld by U.S. Attorney General Janet Reno . The Miami relatives filed a federal lawsuit to overturn the decision , but in March a Miami federal judge ruled against them . The family refused to sign the agreement through two days of negotiations , and INS extended its deadline until 9 a.m. EST Tuesday . The terms of the talks changed dramatically , however , when Castro announced last Wednesday that the boy 's father was ready to travel to the United States . Over the weekend , lawyers for the family raised accusations that Juan Miguel Gonzalez had mistreated his son in telephone conversations , saying he had told the boy that his mother was alive and waiting for him in Cuba . A new ABC News - Washington Post opinion poll shows that 6 of 10 Americans also believe the boy should go home with his father . But in Miami , Cuban exiles insist the majority of Americans do n't understand the dynamics of life in Cuba . Just how far they are willing to go to prove their point remains to be seen . 	answer: negative
event: The feeling is the Clinton administration might send federal agents to pull him out of here said Sergio Navarro , a 39-year - old Miami businessman who spent part of Sunday night with chanting protesters starts after chanting protesters story: The 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Atlanta has been asked by the U.S. government to suspend a ruling by one of its judges that prevents the removal of Elian from the country . He has said he will wait out appeals by the Miami relatives seeking an asylum hearing for Elian before the same court -- but only if he has custody of his son . The feeling is the Clinton administration might send federal agents to pull him out of here , ' '  said Sergio Navarro , a 39-year - old Miami businessman who spent part of Sunday night with  chanting protesters . The Clinton administration has pushed for the boy 's return to his father , ruling only he can speak for his son on immigration matters . The Justice Department wants the appeals court to suspend the temporary injunction issued Thursday and also order Elian 's great - uncle , Lazaro Gonzalez , to release the boy . He said they have manipulated his son to believe that his mother still may show up someday -- in this country . ' ' Gonzalez said he did n't believe a much - publicized video taped at the relatives ' home in which his son said he did n't want to go . He 's told me so , ' ' Gonzalez said . He can not decide for himself . During the time of the broadcast on Sunday , family members and Elian were outside the home of Lazaro Gonzalez and did not publicly comment after the show . He 's not telling the truth . ' ' 	answer: positive
event: The feeling is the Clinton administration might send federal agents to pull him out of here said Sergio Navarro , a 39-year - old Miami businessman who spent part of Sunday night with chanting protesters starts before chanting protesters story: The 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Atlanta has been asked by the U.S. government to suspend a ruling by one of its judges that prevents the removal of Elian from the country . He has said he will wait out appeals by the Miami relatives seeking an asylum hearing for Elian before the same court -- but only if he has custody of his son . The feeling is the Clinton administration might send federal agents to pull him out of here , ' '  said Sergio Navarro , a 39-year - old Miami businessman who spent part of Sunday night with  chanting protesters . The Clinton administration has pushed for the boy 's return to his father , ruling only he can speak for his son on immigration matters . The Justice Department wants the appeals court to suspend the temporary injunction issued Thursday and also order Elian 's great - uncle , Lazaro Gonzalez , to release the boy . He said they have manipulated his son to believe that his mother still may show up someday -- in this country . ' ' Gonzalez said he did n't believe a much - publicized video taped at the relatives ' home in which his son said he did n't want to go . He 's told me so , ' ' Gonzalez said . He can not decide for himself . During the time of the broadcast on Sunday , family members and Elian were outside the home of Lazaro Gonzalez and did not publicly comment after the show . He 's not telling the truth . ' ' 	answer: negative
event: Sanjurjo sipping a cafecito in front of Versailles restaurant , the nerve center for Cuban political discussions here in Little Havana starts before He coming with an entire court of people story: And they question _ or ridicule _ news that the boy 's father is planning to come here to retrieve his son . If you are not Cuban , they said , you just would not understand . But in Miami , many Cuban Americans said Castro is orchestrating the visit . Hidden in the entourage , cautioned Cuban Americans here , will be Cuban security agents who will make sure that Gonzalez _ and everyone else , for that matter _ does not defect . To give Elian an injection and take him back to Cuba . ' ' Sanjurjo ,  sipping a cafecito in front of Versailles restaurant , the nerve center for Cuban political discussions here in Little Havana , is convinced , like many others here , the entourage is designed to prevent any defections . What 's that about ? ' ' said Angela Esparragera , 71 . Gloria Estefan , the wildly popular singer of Cuban descent who has become an entertainment and cultural icon , was also suspicious of this visit . ` ` If in fact , Elian 's father is permitted by the dictatorship of Fidel Castro to come to the United States , then , as a Cuban American , I welcome him and urge him to make all his decisions based on the well being and best interest of his son , and not that of the Cuban government , ' ' Estefan said . Diana de Cardenas , 33 , was born in Cuba in 1984 . ` ` I think he deserves to be with his father , ' ' she said . ` ` It would be ideal if his father came , ' ' and then stayed , in Miami . 	answer: positive
event: Sanjurjo sipping a cafecito in front of Versailles restaurant , the nerve center for Cuban political discussions here in Little Havana starts after He coming with an entire court of people story: And they question _ or ridicule _ news that the boy 's father is planning to come here to retrieve his son . If you are not Cuban , they said , you just would not understand . But in Miami , many Cuban Americans said Castro is orchestrating the visit . Hidden in the entourage , cautioned Cuban Americans here , will be Cuban security agents who will make sure that Gonzalez _ and everyone else , for that matter _ does not defect . To give Elian an injection and take him back to Cuba . ' ' Sanjurjo ,  sipping a cafecito in front of Versailles restaurant , the nerve center for Cuban political discussions here in Little Havana , is convinced , like many others here , the entourage is designed to prevent any defections . What 's that about ? ' ' said Angela Esparragera , 71 . Gloria Estefan , the wildly popular singer of Cuban descent who has become an entertainment and cultural icon , was also suspicious of this visit . ` ` If in fact , Elian 's father is permitted by the dictatorship of Fidel Castro to come to the United States , then , as a Cuban American , I welcome him and urge him to make all his decisions based on the well being and best interest of his son , and not that of the Cuban government , ' ' Estefan said . Diana de Cardenas , 33 , was born in Cuba in 1984 . ` ` I think he deserves to be with his father , ' ' she said . ` ` It would be ideal if his father came , ' ' and then stayed , in Miami . 	answer: negative
event: the ruling issued starts before They wept when the decision was announced story: ' ` ` We acknowledge , as a widely accepted truth , that Cuba does violate human rights and fundamental freedoms and does not guarantee the rule of law to people living in Cuba , ' ' wrote Judge J.L. Edmonson , on behalf of the panel . Thank you . ' ' Elian was rescued off the coast of Florida by two American fishermen last November after the boat he was in capsized . The Miami relatives appealed that decision , and obtained an injunction requiring Elian to remain in the United States until the asylum question worked its way through the courts . If the family fails to file an appeal within 14 days , she said , the soonest Elian would be free to leave the country would be seven days later . Protesters were beginning to gather outside the Miami relatives ' home even before the ruling was  issued . In a statement read on Cuban television , Castro 's government expressed its displeasure at still another delay in Elian 's return . Jose Basulto , founder of Brothers to the Rescue , a Cuban exile group that frequently rescues Cuban refugees from the Straits of Florida , called the latest ruling ` ` outrageous . ' ' ` ` The saga of Elian Gonzalez is a turning point in relations in the Cuban community and the United States , ' ' ` ` This day , in the history of their relations with the United States , will be remembered in the Cuban community in the same way the Bay of Pigs is remembered . ' ' Cuban exiles failed to overthrow Castro in 1961 when the communist leader repelled their invasion at the Bay of Pigs . 	answer: positive
event: the ruling issued starts after They wept when the decision was announced story: ' ` ` We acknowledge , as a widely accepted truth , that Cuba does violate human rights and fundamental freedoms and does not guarantee the rule of law to people living in Cuba , ' ' wrote Judge J.L. Edmonson , on behalf of the panel . Thank you . ' ' Elian was rescued off the coast of Florida by two American fishermen last November after the boat he was in capsized . The Miami relatives appealed that decision , and obtained an injunction requiring Elian to remain in the United States until the asylum question worked its way through the courts . If the family fails to file an appeal within 14 days , she said , the soonest Elian would be free to leave the country would be seven days later . Protesters were beginning to gather outside the Miami relatives ' home even before the ruling was  issued . In a statement read on Cuban television , Castro 's government expressed its displeasure at still another delay in Elian 's return . Jose Basulto , founder of Brothers to the Rescue , a Cuban exile group that frequently rescues Cuban refugees from the Straits of Florida , called the latest ruling ` ` outrageous . ' ' ` ` The saga of Elian Gonzalez is a turning point in relations in the Cuban community and the United States , ' ' ` ` This day , in the history of their relations with the United States , will be remembered in the Cuban community in the same way the Bay of Pigs is remembered . ' ' Cuban exiles failed to overthrow Castro in 1961 when the communist leader repelled their invasion at the Bay of Pigs . 	answer: negative
event: Sununu was told Wednesday by Bush 's son , George , that he had alienated members of the Cabinet , the White House staff and the Republican political community , creating a situation that puts his effectiveness in significant doubt the sources said starts before one highly placed source said story: One of President Bush 's sons has informed White House Chief of Staff John Sununu that he has lost much of his support among Republicans , prompting an intense effort by Sununu to hold on to his job by demonstrating his GOP backing , White House and Republican sources said Monday . Sununu was told Wednesday by Bush 's son , George , that he had alienated members of the Cabinet , the White House staff and the Republican political community , creating a situation that puts his effectiveness in significant doubt , the sources  said . The message to the chief of staff was meant to be taken as a suggestion that Sununu offer to resign , one highly placed source  said . Instead , Sununu sought to prove to the president that his supporters outnumber his critics and that he should remain in his post . One senior official Monday described the White House as " a collection of small groups of aides holding their breaths , " waiting to see whether Sununu survives . One GOP source , reporting on a call from the chief of staff to a Republican leader , said Sununu lamented that " the noose is tightening around my neck , and I need your help . " The source said the younger Bush " sketched out for Sununu " problems the president is encountering because of the chief of staff 's tenure . " He was told ... the handwriting was on the wall , " the source said Monday . A source said the outcome of that session was unclear . 	answer: positive
event: Sununu was told Wednesday by Bush 's son , George , that he had alienated members of the Cabinet , the White House staff and the Republican political community , creating a situation that puts his effectiveness in significant doubt the sources said starts after one highly placed source said story: One of President Bush 's sons has informed White House Chief of Staff John Sununu that he has lost much of his support among Republicans , prompting an intense effort by Sununu to hold on to his job by demonstrating his GOP backing , White House and Republican sources said Monday . Sununu was told Wednesday by Bush 's son , George , that he had alienated members of the Cabinet , the White House staff and the Republican political community , creating a situation that puts his effectiveness in significant doubt , the sources  said . The message to the chief of staff was meant to be taken as a suggestion that Sununu offer to resign , one highly placed source  said . Instead , Sununu sought to prove to the president that his supporters outnumber his critics and that he should remain in his post . One senior official Monday described the White House as " a collection of small groups of aides holding their breaths , " waiting to see whether Sununu survives . One GOP source , reporting on a call from the chief of staff to a Republican leader , said Sununu lamented that " the noose is tightening around my neck , and I need your help . " The source said the younger Bush " sketched out for Sununu " problems the president is encountering because of the chief of staff 's tenure . " He was told ... the handwriting was on the wall , " the source said Monday . A source said the outcome of that session was unclear . 	answer: negative
event: authorities searching for accomplices starts after the arrests stemmed from information about requests for asylum and temporary residence in Cape Town story: CAPE TOWN , South Africa ( AP ) -- Another man has been arrested in connection with the bombings of U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania last year that killed 224 people , police said today . ` ` I can confirm that an individual was arrested in connection with the embassy bombings and the FBI was involved ' ' in making the arrest , police spokesman Capt . Rod Beer said . Beer said he did not know where the man was being held or any more details . The arrest brought to nine the number of people in custody in connection with the bombings . U.S. authorities scheduled a news conference for later today in New York . The Cape Argus newspaper reported today that a Tanzanian man was arrested , and that authorities were  searching for accomplices . The Argus quoted immigration official Jurie de Wet as saying the arrests  stemmed from information about requests for asylum and temporary residence in Cape Town . The U.S. Embassy in Pretoria had no comment . Seventeen people have been indicted in the case . Eight of those are in custody , but the rest remained fugitives , including Saudi radical Osama bin Laden . It was not immediately known if the arrest announced today stemmed from the indictment . Bin Laden , who is accused of masterminding the attack , is on the FBI 's 10 Most Wanted List . A $ 5 million reward has been offered for his capture . The bombs went off almost simultaneously on Aug. 7 , 1998 at U.S. embassies in Nairobi , Kenya and Dar es Salaam , Tanzania . 	answer: positive
event: authorities searching for accomplices starts before the arrests stemmed from information about requests for asylum and temporary residence in Cape Town story: CAPE TOWN , South Africa ( AP ) -- Another man has been arrested in connection with the bombings of U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania last year that killed 224 people , police said today . ` ` I can confirm that an individual was arrested in connection with the embassy bombings and the FBI was involved ' ' in making the arrest , police spokesman Capt . Rod Beer said . Beer said he did not know where the man was being held or any more details . The arrest brought to nine the number of people in custody in connection with the bombings . U.S. authorities scheduled a news conference for later today in New York . The Cape Argus newspaper reported today that a Tanzanian man was arrested , and that authorities were  searching for accomplices . The Argus quoted immigration official Jurie de Wet as saying the arrests  stemmed from information about requests for asylum and temporary residence in Cape Town . The U.S. Embassy in Pretoria had no comment . Seventeen people have been indicted in the case . Eight of those are in custody , but the rest remained fugitives , including Saudi radical Osama bin Laden . It was not immediately known if the arrest announced today stemmed from the indictment . Bin Laden , who is accused of masterminding the attack , is on the FBI 's 10 Most Wanted List . A $ 5 million reward has been offered for his capture . The bombs went off almost simultaneously on Aug. 7 , 1998 at U.S. embassies in Nairobi , Kenya and Dar es Salaam , Tanzania . 	answer: negative
event: Slepian was one of only three doctors who performed abortions in the Buffalo , N.Y. , area , and harassment and threats against him by anti - abortion groups had become routine over the past decade starts after only three doctors who performed abortions in the Buffalo , N.Y. , area story: The New York Times said in an editorial on Monday , Oct. 26 : The murder of Dr. Barnett Slepian is the latest depraved assault on the small number of courageous physicians who still risk their safety to perform legal abortions in this country . But a principled commitment to provide a constitutionally protected service could not stop the assassin 's bullet that tore through his kitchen window and into his back Friday night . There have been more than a dozen attempted murders of abortion providers in the last five years . It is bad enough that conservatives in Congress and in state legislatures are working to dismantle reproductive rights by banning certain procedures , such as so - called partial birth abortion , and by requiring waiting periods and parental consent before an abortion can be obtained . But those restrictions are at least imposed by the normal give and take of political and judicial struggle in a democracy . The increase of anti - choice laws and ongoing campaigns of harassment by protest groups , even short of murder , have worked to make abortions harder to obtain . Unless these brave doctors are better protected , fewer doctors in the next generation will be willing to place themselves and their families in such danger . 	answer: positive
event: Slepian was one of only three doctors who performed abortions in the Buffalo , N.Y. , area , and harassment and threats against him by anti - abortion groups had become routine over the past decade starts before only three doctors who performed abortions in the Buffalo , N.Y. , area story: The New York Times said in an editorial on Monday , Oct. 26 : The murder of Dr. Barnett Slepian is the latest depraved assault on the small number of courageous physicians who still risk their safety to perform legal abortions in this country . But a principled commitment to provide a constitutionally protected service could not stop the assassin 's bullet that tore through his kitchen window and into his back Friday night . There have been more than a dozen attempted murders of abortion providers in the last five years . It is bad enough that conservatives in Congress and in state legislatures are working to dismantle reproductive rights by banning certain procedures , such as so - called partial birth abortion , and by requiring waiting periods and parental consent before an abortion can be obtained . But those restrictions are at least imposed by the normal give and take of political and judicial struggle in a democracy . The increase of anti - choice laws and ongoing campaigns of harassment by protest groups , even short of murder , have worked to make abortions harder to obtain . Unless these brave doctors are better protected , fewer doctors in the next generation will be willing to place themselves and their families in such danger . 	answer: negative
event: Saddam accept a border demarcation treaty he had rejected in peace talks following the August 1988 cease - fire of the eight - year war with Iran starts before heading more trouble with Iran , which had condemned Iraq 's invasion of Kuwait on Aug. 2 but also criticized the multinational force dispatched to Saudi Arabia story: In another mediation effort , the Soviet Union said today it had sent an envoy to the Middle East on a series of stops to include Baghdad . Soviet officials also said Soviet women , children and invalids would be allowed to leave Iraq . Saddam said he sought to ` ` turn the gulf into a lake of peace free of foreign fleets and forces that harbor ill intentions against us . ' Soviet Foreign Ministry spokesman Yuri Gremitskikh said special ambassador Mikhail Sytenko left Tuesday for consultations with the governments of Syria , Jordan , Egypt and other Arab countries . The Iraqi ambassador to Greece said in Athens the Americans and other stranded foreigners could leave ` ` as soon as the threats from the United States and its allies are eliminated . ' ' ABC quoted an Iraqi Foreign Ministry official in Baghdad as saying Americans in Iraq are ` ` restrictees ' ' who will stay there until the crisis ends . There have been reports of wholesale looting but food and gasoline were still available , said a spokesman , who by custom was not identified . The Iraqi ambassador to Venezuela said on Tuesday that Iraq would retaliate against Venezuela and other OPEC oil cartel members if they boost oil production to fill the gap created by blocked supplies from Iraq and Kuwait . Iraq has control of 20 percent of the world 's oil reserves . The U.N. Security Council on Aug. 6 ordered a global embargo on trade with Iraq as punishment for seizing Kuwait . _ at least until economic sanctions force Saddam to withdraw his army . 	answer: positive
event: Saddam accept a border demarcation treaty he had rejected in peace talks following the August 1988 cease - fire of the eight - year war with Iran starts after heading more trouble with Iran , which had condemned Iraq 's invasion of Kuwait on Aug. 2 but also criticized the multinational force dispatched to Saudi Arabia story: In another mediation effort , the Soviet Union said today it had sent an envoy to the Middle East on a series of stops to include Baghdad . Soviet officials also said Soviet women , children and invalids would be allowed to leave Iraq . Saddam said he sought to ` ` turn the gulf into a lake of peace free of foreign fleets and forces that harbor ill intentions against us . ' Soviet Foreign Ministry spokesman Yuri Gremitskikh said special ambassador Mikhail Sytenko left Tuesday for consultations with the governments of Syria , Jordan , Egypt and other Arab countries . The Iraqi ambassador to Greece said in Athens the Americans and other stranded foreigners could leave ` ` as soon as the threats from the United States and its allies are eliminated . ' ' ABC quoted an Iraqi Foreign Ministry official in Baghdad as saying Americans in Iraq are ` ` restrictees ' ' who will stay there until the crisis ends . There have been reports of wholesale looting but food and gasoline were still available , said a spokesman , who by custom was not identified . The Iraqi ambassador to Venezuela said on Tuesday that Iraq would retaliate against Venezuela and other OPEC oil cartel members if they boost oil production to fill the gap created by blocked supplies from Iraq and Kuwait . Iraq has control of 20 percent of the world 's oil reserves . The U.N. Security Council on Aug. 6 ordered a global embargo on trade with Iraq as punishment for seizing Kuwait . _ at least until economic sanctions force Saddam to withdraw his army . 	answer: negative
event: The decision touched protests in the Cuban - American community starts before Burton , the committee 's chairman , said in a release he ` ` issued a subpoena to Elian Gonzalez to ensure that no precipitous action is taken until the Florida State court in Miami can adequately address the Gonzalez case story: In efforts to prevent Elian Gonzalez 's return to Cuba , an anti - Castro lawmaker subpoenaed him Friday to testify before a congressional committee and one of his Miami relatives sought to become his legal guardian . He gave the peace sign before heading back indoors . But in Cuba , Elian 's father was angry about Burton 's subpoena . ` ` What right does that man have ? ' ' Juan Miguel Gonzalez said during a news conference in his hometown of Cardenas . Who is he ? I am the father . ' Burton is an outspoken critic of the Castro regime . Committee sources who spoke on the condition of anonymity said that while the subpoena requires that Elian attend the hearing in Washington , it 's highly unlikely that his actual appearance will be sought . ' Earlier Friday , lawyers filed a petition on behalf of Elian 's great - uncle , Lazaro Gonzalez . Gov. Jeb Bush also asked President Clinton to reverse the INS order . Reno said she is considering the issues raised in the meeting and the state court action . ` ` This is a volatile and difficult case . ... The rally in Cardenas , Cuba , was marked by songs , tears and personal recollections of Elian . During the day Friday , Elian played in his relatives ' yard with a puppy named Dolphin , a gift from Rep. Lincoln Diaz - Balart , R - Fla . 	answer: positive
event: The decision touched protests in the Cuban - American community starts after Burton , the committee 's chairman , said in a release he ` ` issued a subpoena to Elian Gonzalez to ensure that no precipitous action is taken until the Florida State court in Miami can adequately address the Gonzalez case story: In efforts to prevent Elian Gonzalez 's return to Cuba , an anti - Castro lawmaker subpoenaed him Friday to testify before a congressional committee and one of his Miami relatives sought to become his legal guardian . He gave the peace sign before heading back indoors . But in Cuba , Elian 's father was angry about Burton 's subpoena . ` ` What right does that man have ? ' ' Juan Miguel Gonzalez said during a news conference in his hometown of Cardenas . Who is he ? I am the father . ' Burton is an outspoken critic of the Castro regime . Committee sources who spoke on the condition of anonymity said that while the subpoena requires that Elian attend the hearing in Washington , it 's highly unlikely that his actual appearance will be sought . ' Earlier Friday , lawyers filed a petition on behalf of Elian 's great - uncle , Lazaro Gonzalez . Gov. Jeb Bush also asked President Clinton to reverse the INS order . Reno said she is considering the issues raised in the meeting and the state court action . ` ` This is a volatile and difficult case . ... The rally in Cardenas , Cuba , was marked by songs , tears and personal recollections of Elian . During the day Friday , Elian played in his relatives ' yard with a puppy named Dolphin , a gift from Rep. Lincoln Diaz - Balart , R - Fla . 	answer: negative
event: a letter published Wednesday starts before a letter published on the front page of the Communist Party daily Granma story: ` ` We are worried not only about his prolonged kidnapping , ' ' It was likely to be opposed by Elian 's Miami relatives , who are fighting to keep the boy in the United States and who have said they think Gonzalez is being controlled by Fidel Castro 's government . Gonzalez 's second letter to Reno in two weeks was published in Granma on Tuesday . ` ` I formally object to the legal moves made or being made by those who are arbitrarily retaining Elian , ' ' Gonzalez said in the letter , dated Monday . In the letter , Gonzalez said he does not recognize the jurisdiction of theU.S. court system , which is weighing an attempt by Elian 's Miami relatives to block his return to Cuba . The boy 's mother and 10 other people died when their boat sank on the way from Cuba to the UnitedStates . Elian is staying with his paternal great - uncle Lazaro Gonzalez , who is fighting to keep the boy with him in the United States . ` ` Juan Miguel must not have written the letter himself , ' ' said Armando Gutierrez , spokesman for Elian 's relatives in Miami . ` ` Castro must be dreaming for the family to allow Cuban spies inside Lazaro Gonzalez 's home . ' ' Lawyers for the relatives in Miami filed a brief in federal court on Monday arguing the Immigration and Naturalization Service can not return Elian to Cuba without holding a political asylum hearing . The INS ruled last month that only Elian 's father has the right to speak for the boy in immigration matters . 	answer: positive
event: a letter published Wednesday starts after a letter published on the front page of the Communist Party daily Granma story: ` ` We are worried not only about his prolonged kidnapping , ' ' It was likely to be opposed by Elian 's Miami relatives , who are fighting to keep the boy in the United States and who have said they think Gonzalez is being controlled by Fidel Castro 's government . Gonzalez 's second letter to Reno in two weeks was published in Granma on Tuesday . ` ` I formally object to the legal moves made or being made by those who are arbitrarily retaining Elian , ' ' Gonzalez said in the letter , dated Monday . In the letter , Gonzalez said he does not recognize the jurisdiction of theU.S. court system , which is weighing an attempt by Elian 's Miami relatives to block his return to Cuba . The boy 's mother and 10 other people died when their boat sank on the way from Cuba to the UnitedStates . Elian is staying with his paternal great - uncle Lazaro Gonzalez , who is fighting to keep the boy with him in the United States . ` ` Juan Miguel must not have written the letter himself , ' ' said Armando Gutierrez , spokesman for Elian 's relatives in Miami . ` ` Castro must be dreaming for the family to allow Cuban spies inside Lazaro Gonzalez 's home . ' ' Lawyers for the relatives in Miami filed a brief in federal court on Monday arguing the Immigration and Naturalization Service can not return Elian to Cuba without holding a political asylum hearing . The INS ruled last month that only Elian 's father has the right to speak for the boy in immigration matters . 	answer: negative
event: the junk - bond market which helped to finance the takeover boom of recent years starts before which finance the takeover boom of recent years story: In the past two months the nation 's 88 junk funds have lost a total of about $ 6 billion -- more than 15 % of assets -- through sales or transfers of junk - fund shares , Dalbar says . It made the estimates based on data collected from more than a dozen big junk funds . Mutual funds are the among the largest holders of junk , accounting for more than a quarter of the entire high - yield , high - risk market . The 88 mutual funds investing solely in junk bonds hold assets of about $ 32 billion . The fund , with a cash cushion of more than 10 % , has " met all the redemptions without having to sell one thing , " Mr. Litvack says . Those withdrawals , most of which were transferred to other T. Rowe Price funds , followed little change in the fund 's sales picture this year through August . " The last two months have been the whole ball game , " says Steven Norwitz , a vice president . Through Oct. 19 , high - yield funds had an average 0.85 % total return ( the price change plus dividends on fund shares ) , according to Fidelity 's junk fund has fallen 2.08 % this year through Oct. 19 , Lipper says ; the Vanguard fund rose 1.84 % ; and the T. Rowe Price fund edged up 0.66 % . Funds might be forced to accept lower prices if they expand their selling to the securities of less - creditworthy borrowers . " 	answer: positive
event: the junk - bond market which helped to finance the takeover boom of recent years starts after which finance the takeover boom of recent years story: In the past two months the nation 's 88 junk funds have lost a total of about $ 6 billion -- more than 15 % of assets -- through sales or transfers of junk - fund shares , Dalbar says . It made the estimates based on data collected from more than a dozen big junk funds . Mutual funds are the among the largest holders of junk , accounting for more than a quarter of the entire high - yield , high - risk market . The 88 mutual funds investing solely in junk bonds hold assets of about $ 32 billion . The fund , with a cash cushion of more than 10 % , has " met all the redemptions without having to sell one thing , " Mr. Litvack says . Those withdrawals , most of which were transferred to other T. Rowe Price funds , followed little change in the fund 's sales picture this year through August . " The last two months have been the whole ball game , " says Steven Norwitz , a vice president . Through Oct. 19 , high - yield funds had an average 0.85 % total return ( the price change plus dividends on fund shares ) , according to Fidelity 's junk fund has fallen 2.08 % this year through Oct. 19 , Lipper says ; the Vanguard fund rose 1.84 % ; and the T. Rowe Price fund edged up 0.66 % . Funds might be forced to accept lower prices if they expand their selling to the securities of less - creditworthy borrowers . " 	answer: negative
event: employment gains that began last fall starts after averaging 242,000 for the first nine months of 1997 story: WASHINGTON The gain left wages 3.8 percent higher than a year earlier , extending a trend that has given back to workers some of the earning power they lost to inflation in the last decade . Inflation has been almost nonexistent , and consumer confidence has been extremely strong . Long - term interest rates , an important indicator of economic stability , have fallen in the last few months . Lower rates have helped invigorate housing and other interest - sensitive sectors of the economy by making loans more affordable , and have allowed companies to continue investing heavily in more efficient equipment . President Clinton welcomed the job figures at a news conference Friday . The major harm from Asia is likely to come from the plunge in the value of many Asian currencies relative to the dollar , a situation that is expected to lead to a surge of inexpensive imports into the United States , hurting American competitors . And the weakness of the Asian economies is also likely to lead to decreased demand for American exports . ` ` Those fumes will exhaust themselves , and the manufacturing sector is going to start getting beat up in the spring . ' The rate for adult women rose 0.4 percent , to 4.4 percent . For the first time , the Labor Department broke out unemployment by education level as well as gender , age and race . The analysis showed unemployment rates dropped steadily with higher levels of education . Among high school graduates , the rate was 3.9 percent , and college graduates , 1.9 percent . 	answer: positive
event: employment gains that began last fall starts before averaging 242,000 for the first nine months of 1997 story: WASHINGTON The gain left wages 3.8 percent higher than a year earlier , extending a trend that has given back to workers some of the earning power they lost to inflation in the last decade . Inflation has been almost nonexistent , and consumer confidence has been extremely strong . Long - term interest rates , an important indicator of economic stability , have fallen in the last few months . Lower rates have helped invigorate housing and other interest - sensitive sectors of the economy by making loans more affordable , and have allowed companies to continue investing heavily in more efficient equipment . President Clinton welcomed the job figures at a news conference Friday . The major harm from Asia is likely to come from the plunge in the value of many Asian currencies relative to the dollar , a situation that is expected to lead to a surge of inexpensive imports into the United States , hurting American competitors . And the weakness of the Asian economies is also likely to lead to decreased demand for American exports . ` ` Those fumes will exhaust themselves , and the manufacturing sector is going to start getting beat up in the spring . ' The rate for adult women rose 0.4 percent , to 4.4 percent . For the first time , the Labor Department broke out unemployment by education level as well as gender , age and race . The analysis showed unemployment rates dropped steadily with higher levels of education . Among high school graduates , the rate was 3.9 percent , and college graduates , 1.9 percent . 	answer: negative
event: Tanzania expelled five Iraqis and a Libyan who were questioned by the FBI and police in connection of the bombing of two U.S. embassies in East Africa last month starts before Immigration officials escorted the Libyan , Atif Issa Enhamed , to the airport and put him on a flight to an undisclosed Middle East destination said Uhuru , or Freedom , a Swahili newspaper owned by the ruling Chama Cha Mapinduzi party story: DAR ES SALAAM , Tanzania ( AP ) _ Tanzania  expelled five Iraqis and a Libyan who were questioned by the FBI and police in connection of the bombing of two U.S. embassies in East Africa last month , a newspaper reported Friday . Immigration officials escorted the Libyan , Atif Issa Enhamed , to the airport and put him on a flight to an undisclosed Middle East destination ,  said Uhuru , or Freedom , a Swahili newspaper owned by the ruling Chama Cha Mapinduzi party . Nearly simultaneous bombings at U.S. embassies in Dar es Salaam , Tanzania , and Nairobi , Kenya , on Aug. 7 killed 258 people , including 12 Americans , and injured more than 5,500 people . American authorities allege the attacks were plotted by Saudi terrorist Osama bin Laden . On Sunday , Tanzanian police and FBI agents said they had made ` ` extraordinary discoveries , ' ' having determined what the Dar es Salaam bomb was made of and who carried it to the embassy . They refused to provide details . Media reports in Tanzania have said the ingredients for the bombs had originated in the Middle East and were transferred by sea via the Comoro Islands to Tanzania . Reports in Kenya said the components of the bomb that exploded in Nairobi were transported by road from Tanzania to Kenya . The East African nations share a long and mostly unguarded border . On Sept. 2 , police in the Comoros archipelago , off the Tanzanian coast , raided two homes and searched for a suspect in the bombings identified as Abdallah Mohammed Fadhul , a Comorian Muslim who had lived with his wife in Sudan until shortly after the bombings . 	answer: positive
event: Tanzania expelled five Iraqis and a Libyan who were questioned by the FBI and police in connection of the bombing of two U.S. embassies in East Africa last month starts after Immigration officials escorted the Libyan , Atif Issa Enhamed , to the airport and put him on a flight to an undisclosed Middle East destination said Uhuru , or Freedom , a Swahili newspaper owned by the ruling Chama Cha Mapinduzi party story: DAR ES SALAAM , Tanzania ( AP ) _ Tanzania  expelled five Iraqis and a Libyan who were questioned by the FBI and police in connection of the bombing of two U.S. embassies in East Africa last month , a newspaper reported Friday . Immigration officials escorted the Libyan , Atif Issa Enhamed , to the airport and put him on a flight to an undisclosed Middle East destination ,  said Uhuru , or Freedom , a Swahili newspaper owned by the ruling Chama Cha Mapinduzi party . Nearly simultaneous bombings at U.S. embassies in Dar es Salaam , Tanzania , and Nairobi , Kenya , on Aug. 7 killed 258 people , including 12 Americans , and injured more than 5,500 people . American authorities allege the attacks were plotted by Saudi terrorist Osama bin Laden . On Sunday , Tanzanian police and FBI agents said they had made ` ` extraordinary discoveries , ' ' having determined what the Dar es Salaam bomb was made of and who carried it to the embassy . They refused to provide details . Media reports in Tanzania have said the ingredients for the bombs had originated in the Middle East and were transferred by sea via the Comoro Islands to Tanzania . Reports in Kenya said the components of the bomb that exploded in Nairobi were transported by road from Tanzania to Kenya . The East African nations share a long and mostly unguarded border . On Sept. 2 , police in the Comoros archipelago , off the Tanzanian coast , raided two homes and searched for a suspect in the bombings identified as Abdallah Mohammed Fadhul , a Comorian Muslim who had lived with his wife in Sudan until shortly after the bombings . 	answer: negative
event: Kopp also linked through DNA testing to a strand of hair found near where the sniper fired starts after Nicknamed the ` ` Atomic Dog ' in anti - abortion circles Kopp story: BUFFALO , N.Y. ( AP ) -- Dr. Barnett Slepian , just back from synagogue , was heating soup in his kitchen last fall when he was gunned down with a single shot through a window . But for the first time , authorities have named a suspect in the slaying -- anti - abortion activist James Kopp . ` ` Today , I 'm here to tell you we have our suspect , ' ' said Bernard Tolbert , special agent - in - charge of the FBI 's Buffalo office . The federal charge also carries a fine of up to $ 250,000 . Until Thursday , they had not called Kopp a suspect . Investigators would not divulge the evidence against Kopp but said last month 's discovery of a scope - equipped rifle buried near the Slepian home represented a major breakthrough . Slepian , 52 , was shot with a rifle . Kopp also has been  linked , through DNA testing , to a strand of hair found near where the sniper fired , law enforcement sources have said .  Nicknamed the ` ` Atomic Dog ' ' in anti - abortion circles , Kopp had been arrested in several states since 1990 for protesting abortion . His car was spotted in Slepian 's neighborhood in the weeks before the shooting , and was found abandoned at the Newark , N.J. , airport in December . Eric Rudolph has been on the run since the January 1998 bombing of a Birmingham , Ala. , abortion clinic that killed an off - duty police officer and maimed a nurse . He also is charged in three Atlanta attacks , including the 1996 Olympic bombing that killed one person . 	answer: positive
event: Kopp also linked through DNA testing to a strand of hair found near where the sniper fired starts before Nicknamed the ` ` Atomic Dog ' in anti - abortion circles Kopp story: BUFFALO , N.Y. ( AP ) -- Dr. Barnett Slepian , just back from synagogue , was heating soup in his kitchen last fall when he was gunned down with a single shot through a window . But for the first time , authorities have named a suspect in the slaying -- anti - abortion activist James Kopp . ` ` Today , I 'm here to tell you we have our suspect , ' ' said Bernard Tolbert , special agent - in - charge of the FBI 's Buffalo office . The federal charge also carries a fine of up to $ 250,000 . Until Thursday , they had not called Kopp a suspect . Investigators would not divulge the evidence against Kopp but said last month 's discovery of a scope - equipped rifle buried near the Slepian home represented a major breakthrough . Slepian , 52 , was shot with a rifle . Kopp also has been  linked , through DNA testing , to a strand of hair found near where the sniper fired , law enforcement sources have said .  Nicknamed the ` ` Atomic Dog ' ' in anti - abortion circles , Kopp had been arrested in several states since 1990 for protesting abortion . His car was spotted in Slepian 's neighborhood in the weeks before the shooting , and was found abandoned at the Newark , N.J. , airport in December . Eric Rudolph has been on the run since the January 1998 bombing of a Birmingham , Ala. , abortion clinic that killed an off - duty police officer and maimed a nurse . He also is charged in three Atlanta attacks , including the 1996 Olympic bombing that killed one person . 	answer: negative
event: Other dealers added that the blue - chip stocks in general were hit by profit - taking over concerns that London shares will continue posting declines and the uncertainty over sterling given that Mr. Lawson 's successor , John Major , had only been in the job one day starts before will continue posting declines story: London shares were depressed initially by overnight losses in New York and by the drop in sterling after Mr. Lawson 's resignation . It showed some early resilience after central bank support firmed sterling , but the weight of Wall Street late in London trading , and signs of further weakness in the British pound , proved a hefty load to bear . The Financial Times 100-share index shed 47.3 points to close at 2082.1 , down 4.5 % from the previous Friday and 6.8 % from Oct. 13 , when Wall Street 's plunge helped spark the current weakness in London . British Gas shed 8.5 pence a share to close at 185 pence ( $ 2.90 ) . Shell eased 1 to 416 on turnover of 4.8 million shares . In Tokyo , stocks closed lower but above intraday lows in active trading . The DAX dropped 19.69 points Friday to 1462.93 . Traders said the continued turbulence in other markets , coupled with the drop in London following the Lawson resignation , were responsible . Traders said that selling pressure was n't enormous and that the DAX dropped Friday more on a lack of any substantial buying interest . Share prices also closed lower in Sydney , Hong Kong , Singapore , Taipei , Manila , Wellington and Seoul . Concern about declines in other markets , especially New York , caused selling pressure . Here are price trends on the world 's major stock markets , as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International Perspective , Geneva . The percentage change is since year - end . 	answer: positive
event: Other dealers added that the blue - chip stocks in general were hit by profit - taking over concerns that London shares will continue posting declines and the uncertainty over sterling given that Mr. Lawson 's successor , John Major , had only been in the job one day starts after will continue posting declines story: London shares were depressed initially by overnight losses in New York and by the drop in sterling after Mr. Lawson 's resignation . It showed some early resilience after central bank support firmed sterling , but the weight of Wall Street late in London trading , and signs of further weakness in the British pound , proved a hefty load to bear . The Financial Times 100-share index shed 47.3 points to close at 2082.1 , down 4.5 % from the previous Friday and 6.8 % from Oct. 13 , when Wall Street 's plunge helped spark the current weakness in London . British Gas shed 8.5 pence a share to close at 185 pence ( $ 2.90 ) . Shell eased 1 to 416 on turnover of 4.8 million shares . In Tokyo , stocks closed lower but above intraday lows in active trading . The DAX dropped 19.69 points Friday to 1462.93 . Traders said the continued turbulence in other markets , coupled with the drop in London following the Lawson resignation , were responsible . Traders said that selling pressure was n't enormous and that the DAX dropped Friday more on a lack of any substantial buying interest . Share prices also closed lower in Sydney , Hong Kong , Singapore , Taipei , Manila , Wellington and Seoul . Concern about declines in other markets , especially New York , caused selling pressure . Here are price trends on the world 's major stock markets , as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International Perspective , Geneva . The percentage change is since year - end . 	answer: negative
event: Kopp purports to be a devout Roman Catholic starts after He arrested more than a dozen times during abortion protests in seven states and Italy story: HAMILTON ( AP ) -- Canadian authorities issued a nationwide arrest warrant Monday for James Charles Kopp , a U.S. fugitive on the FBI 's most wanted list for an alleged anti - abortion murder . The Canadian warrant issued Monday charged Kopp with attempted murder in the 1995 shooting of Dr. Hugh Short , who was wounded in the elbow but survived the attack at his home in Ancaster , Ontario . ` ` It allows us to spread his name far and wide across Canada and say that he is wanted for attempted murder , ' ' said police Inspector Dave Bowen . Kopp , who is from Vermont , was indicted last year in the October 1998 shooting death of Dr. Barnet Slepian , an obstetrician in Buffalo , New York . He also is wanted in connection with the shooting of doctors in Winnipeg , Vancouver and Rochester , New York . Slepian was killed by a single gunshot fired from a wooded area through a window of his home . Kopp  purports to be a devout Roman Catholic , and the majority of jobs he has held over the past 20 years have been related to the anti - abortion movement , the U.S. Justice Department said last year . He has been  arrested more than a dozen times during abortion protests in seven states and Italy . The FBI says Kopp has used 29 aliases . Since then , 427 fugitives have been taken into custody or located , 133 of them as a result of citizen assistance , the FBI said . A total of $ 650,000 is being offered in the United States for information leading to Kopp 's arrest . 	answer: positive
event: Kopp purports to be a devout Roman Catholic starts before He arrested more than a dozen times during abortion protests in seven states and Italy story: HAMILTON ( AP ) -- Canadian authorities issued a nationwide arrest warrant Monday for James Charles Kopp , a U.S. fugitive on the FBI 's most wanted list for an alleged anti - abortion murder . The Canadian warrant issued Monday charged Kopp with attempted murder in the 1995 shooting of Dr. Hugh Short , who was wounded in the elbow but survived the attack at his home in Ancaster , Ontario . ` ` It allows us to spread his name far and wide across Canada and say that he is wanted for attempted murder , ' ' said police Inspector Dave Bowen . Kopp , who is from Vermont , was indicted last year in the October 1998 shooting death of Dr. Barnet Slepian , an obstetrician in Buffalo , New York . He also is wanted in connection with the shooting of doctors in Winnipeg , Vancouver and Rochester , New York . Slepian was killed by a single gunshot fired from a wooded area through a window of his home . Kopp  purports to be a devout Roman Catholic , and the majority of jobs he has held over the past 20 years have been related to the anti - abortion movement , the U.S. Justice Department said last year . He has been  arrested more than a dozen times during abortion protests in seven states and Italy . The FBI says Kopp has used 29 aliases . Since then , 427 fugitives have been taken into custody or located , 133 of them as a result of citizen assistance , the FBI said . A total of $ 650,000 is being offered in the United States for information leading to Kopp 's arrest . 	answer: negative
event: gunning Dr. Barnett Slepian last fall in his home in Buffalo starts before information leading to a listed fugitive 's capture story: WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- The FBI put alleged terrorist mastermind Osama Bin Laden and anti - abortion activist and accused doctor killer James Charles Kopp on the bureau 's list of the Ten Most Wanted fugitives Monday . FBI Director Louis Freeh said the U.S. government is offering a reward of up to $ 5 million for information that leads to the arrest and conviction of Bin Laden , indicted as the architect of the twin bombings of American embassies in Kenya and Tanzania . The Aug. 7 , 1998 , bombings killed more than 200 people , including 12 Americans . It is the largest reward the government has ever offered for a fugitive . Reno said Bin Laden and Kopp have one thing in common Kopp purports to be a devout Roman Catholic , and the majority of jobs he has held over the past 20 years have been related to the anti - abortion movement , the Justice Department said in a news release . State Department international security director Dave Carpenter said that placing Bin Laden on the most - wanted list ` ` underscores the unwavering commitment ' ' by the United States ` ` to fight terrorism . ' ' Carpenter said the U.S. government 's counterterrorism program has paid out over $ 6 million in some 20 cases around the world for credible information . The two were removed from the list after Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi agreed in April to hand them over for trial in the Netherlands , a neutral venue . Bin Laden and Kopp are the 455th and 456th persons to be placed on the FBI 's most wanted list , which began in 1950 . He has used 29 aliases , Freeh said . 	answer: positive
event: gunning Dr. Barnett Slepian last fall in his home in Buffalo starts after information leading to a listed fugitive 's capture story: WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- The FBI put alleged terrorist mastermind Osama Bin Laden and anti - abortion activist and accused doctor killer James Charles Kopp on the bureau 's list of the Ten Most Wanted fugitives Monday . FBI Director Louis Freeh said the U.S. government is offering a reward of up to $ 5 million for information that leads to the arrest and conviction of Bin Laden , indicted as the architect of the twin bombings of American embassies in Kenya and Tanzania . The Aug. 7 , 1998 , bombings killed more than 200 people , including 12 Americans . It is the largest reward the government has ever offered for a fugitive . Reno said Bin Laden and Kopp have one thing in common Kopp purports to be a devout Roman Catholic , and the majority of jobs he has held over the past 20 years have been related to the anti - abortion movement , the Justice Department said in a news release . State Department international security director Dave Carpenter said that placing Bin Laden on the most - wanted list ` ` underscores the unwavering commitment ' ' by the United States ` ` to fight terrorism . ' ' Carpenter said the U.S. government 's counterterrorism program has paid out over $ 6 million in some 20 cases around the world for credible information . The two were removed from the list after Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi agreed in April to hand them over for trial in the Netherlands , a neutral venue . Bin Laden and Kopp are the 455th and 456th persons to be placed on the FBI 's most wanted list , which began in 1950 . He has used 29 aliases , Freeh said . 	answer: negative
event: growing apprehension starts after the Little Havana home where the boy lived with his great - uncle for nearly five months story: After a weekend of bitter accusations lobbed by both sides of the Elian Gonzalez custody battle , attention returned today to the federal judges deciding a key point in the international case . ' The court watch comes after one of the most bitter charges yet in the custody battle . Juan Miguel Gonzalez lashed out at his Miami relatives Sunday night , accusing them of ' ' child abuse ' ' for turning his son against him . he 's suffering more here amongst them than he suffered in the sea . ' ' Gonzalez said he did n't believe a much - publicized video taped at the relatives ' home in which his son said he did n't want to go . The Miami relatives are ` ` putting a bunch of toys in front of a 6-year - old . The one that decides for him is me , his father . ' ' Elian 's Miami relatives have filed affidavits alleging Gonzalez abused his former wife and his 6-year - old son , a charge Gonzalez denied . Protesters , however , dismissed Juan Miguel 's comments as either selfish or the words of Fidel Castro . ' ' Fidel Castro is claiming the son , not him , ' ' said Olga Coto , 56 , of Miami . ' ' Earlier Sunday , protesters prayed for divine help as Easter week began , waving palm fronds and posters of the Cuban boy and Jesus . Priests joined the crowd to offer a religious service . ' ' But we will follow in the path that the Lord has shown us , despite those who want to get in our way . ' ' 	answer: positive
event: growing apprehension starts before the Little Havana home where the boy lived with his great - uncle for nearly five months story: After a weekend of bitter accusations lobbed by both sides of the Elian Gonzalez custody battle , attention returned today to the federal judges deciding a key point in the international case . ' The court watch comes after one of the most bitter charges yet in the custody battle . Juan Miguel Gonzalez lashed out at his Miami relatives Sunday night , accusing them of ' ' child abuse ' ' for turning his son against him . he 's suffering more here amongst them than he suffered in the sea . ' ' Gonzalez said he did n't believe a much - publicized video taped at the relatives ' home in which his son said he did n't want to go . The Miami relatives are ` ` putting a bunch of toys in front of a 6-year - old . The one that decides for him is me , his father . ' ' Elian 's Miami relatives have filed affidavits alleging Gonzalez abused his former wife and his 6-year - old son , a charge Gonzalez denied . Protesters , however , dismissed Juan Miguel 's comments as either selfish or the words of Fidel Castro . ' ' Fidel Castro is claiming the son , not him , ' ' said Olga Coto , 56 , of Miami . ' ' Earlier Sunday , protesters prayed for divine help as Easter week began , waving palm fronds and posters of the Cuban boy and Jesus . Priests joined the crowd to offer a religious service . ' ' But we will follow in the path that the Lord has shown us , despite those who want to get in our way . ' ' 	answer: negative
event: supporters of the military leader gathered in the north starts before But as supporters of the military leader gathered in the north riot police deployed in Nigeria 's southern commercial capital Lagos to break up a protest rally called by the political opposition story: Nigerian security forces clashed in Lagos with anti - government demonstrators who were protesting calls for military leader Sani Abacha to run for president . Meanwhile , as VOA West Africa Correspondent Purnell Murdock reports , General Abacha 's supporters began a two day rally in the capital , Abuja , to urge him to compete in this year 's election . Nigeria state radio says thousands of people began gathering in the capital Abuja early Tuesday for the two day rally supporting General Sani Abacha 's candidacy . Organizers state the two days of music , dancing , and speeches is expected to draw some two million people . But as supporters of the military leader  gathered in the north , riot police  deployed in Nigeria 's southern commercial capital Lagos , to break up a protest rally called by the political opposition . Although General Abacha had not publicly announced his candidacy , many people believe an Abacha presidency is a foregone conclusion . Some analysts say the outcome of a face off between the police and anti Abacha political groups will be a test of the opposition 's resolve . Purnell Murdock , VOA News . 	answer: positive
event: supporters of the military leader gathered in the north starts after But as supporters of the military leader gathered in the north riot police deployed in Nigeria 's southern commercial capital Lagos to break up a protest rally called by the political opposition story: Nigerian security forces clashed in Lagos with anti - government demonstrators who were protesting calls for military leader Sani Abacha to run for president . Meanwhile , as VOA West Africa Correspondent Purnell Murdock reports , General Abacha 's supporters began a two day rally in the capital , Abuja , to urge him to compete in this year 's election . Nigeria state radio says thousands of people began gathering in the capital Abuja early Tuesday for the two day rally supporting General Sani Abacha 's candidacy . Organizers state the two days of music , dancing , and speeches is expected to draw some two million people . But as supporters of the military leader  gathered in the north , riot police  deployed in Nigeria 's southern commercial capital Lagos , to break up a protest rally called by the political opposition . Although General Abacha had not publicly announced his candidacy , many people believe an Abacha presidency is a foregone conclusion . Some analysts say the outcome of a face off between the police and anti Abacha political groups will be a test of the opposition 's resolve . Purnell Murdock , VOA News . 	answer: negative
event: thousands of Iraqi soldiers surrendered starts before The allied rejection of the last - minute Soviet - led diplomatic effort to avoid the ground war enabled Mr. Bush to seize the initiative from an Iraq seemingly bent on dictating peace terms story: So far , the offensive is progressing with dramatic success , " said a buoyant Gen. Norman Schwarzkopf , commander of U.S. forces . " Iraq was ready to withdraw . But , he notes , " If everything crumbles totally , that wo n't be such a problem . American officials staunchly disavow any interest in driving through Iraq toward Baghdad , either in pursuit of Saddam Hussein himself or to set up some American - controlled government inside Iraq . " " Despite these early successes , the mere fact that a ground campaign has begun almost guarantees that the Bush administration will face fresh problems growing out of the military situation . Finally , when Iraq failed to respond to the U.S. ultimatum , Mr. Bush let the ground offensive begin as previously planned Saturday night . The attack was lightning quick , as allied forces punched through tall sand berms on the border and pushed forward into Iraq and Kuwait . Long columns of Iraqi prisoners of war could be seen trudging through the desert toward the allied rear . It expects that tens of thousands of Iraqi soldiers will surrender to the U.S. and its allies over the next few days . If the allies succeed , Saddam Hussein will have plunged his country first into a fruitless eight - year war against Iran and then into a humiliating war against the U.S. and the allies to defend his conquest of Kuwait , leaving much of his country 's military establishment and modern infrastructure in ruins . For me , it is a great tragedy . 	answer: positive
event: thousands of Iraqi soldiers surrendered starts after The allied rejection of the last - minute Soviet - led diplomatic effort to avoid the ground war enabled Mr. Bush to seize the initiative from an Iraq seemingly bent on dictating peace terms story: So far , the offensive is progressing with dramatic success , " said a buoyant Gen. Norman Schwarzkopf , commander of U.S. forces . " Iraq was ready to withdraw . But , he notes , " If everything crumbles totally , that wo n't be such a problem . American officials staunchly disavow any interest in driving through Iraq toward Baghdad , either in pursuit of Saddam Hussein himself or to set up some American - controlled government inside Iraq . " " Despite these early successes , the mere fact that a ground campaign has begun almost guarantees that the Bush administration will face fresh problems growing out of the military situation . Finally , when Iraq failed to respond to the U.S. ultimatum , Mr. Bush let the ground offensive begin as previously planned Saturday night . The attack was lightning quick , as allied forces punched through tall sand berms on the border and pushed forward into Iraq and Kuwait . Long columns of Iraqi prisoners of war could be seen trudging through the desert toward the allied rear . It expects that tens of thousands of Iraqi soldiers will surrender to the U.S. and its allies over the next few days . If the allies succeed , Saddam Hussein will have plunged his country first into a fruitless eight - year war against Iran and then into a humiliating war against the U.S. and the allies to defend his conquest of Kuwait , leaving much of his country 's military establishment and modern infrastructure in ruins . For me , it is a great tragedy . 	answer: negative
event: In Hungary NATO members ' flags raised outside the Defense Ministry starts before And in Prague , Czech Republic President Vaclav Havel said in a statement ` Never have we been part of such a broad , solid and binding security alliance which at the same time respects in its essence the sovereignty and will of our nation . ' ' The enlargement of NATO from 16 members to 19 has been one of the administration 's foremost foreign policy goals , one that grew out of a desire , its proponents said , to cement the democratic gains made in the former Warsaw Pact countries after the collapse of communism 10 years ago story: Albright , who was born in Prague and fled just after the Communist takeover in 1948 , made no secret of her joy at her homeland and its neighbors joining the alliance after a six year trans - Atlantic diplomatic process led by the Clinton administration . And in Prague , Czech Republic , President Vaclav Havel  said in a statement , ` ` Never have we been part of such a broad , solid and binding security alliance which at the same time respects in its essence the sovereignty and will of our nation . ' ' The enlargement of NATO from 16 members to 19 has been one of the administration 's foremost foreign policy goals , one that grew out of a desire , its proponents said , to cement the democratic gains made in the former Warsaw Pact countries after the collapse of communism 10 years ago . Albright also used her speech to articulate a forward - looking vision for NATO , which will celebrate its 50th anniversary in Washington next month , and to defend NATO 's potential involvement in Kosovo . And we know that if , past is prologue , we face a future in which weapons will be more destructive at longer distances than ever before . ' ' But he never dreamed , he said , that his country would become a member of NATO . Similarly , the Hungarian foreign minister , Janos Martonyi , who remembers the 1956 uprising as a 13-year - old , said that membership of NATO meant that Hungary was returning ` ` to her natural habitat . ' ' Acheson is Albright 's favorite predecessor , her aides said . 	answer: positive
event: In Hungary NATO members ' flags raised outside the Defense Ministry starts after And in Prague , Czech Republic President Vaclav Havel said in a statement ` Never have we been part of such a broad , solid and binding security alliance which at the same time respects in its essence the sovereignty and will of our nation . ' ' The enlargement of NATO from 16 members to 19 has been one of the administration 's foremost foreign policy goals , one that grew out of a desire , its proponents said , to cement the democratic gains made in the former Warsaw Pact countries after the collapse of communism 10 years ago story: Albright , who was born in Prague and fled just after the Communist takeover in 1948 , made no secret of her joy at her homeland and its neighbors joining the alliance after a six year trans - Atlantic diplomatic process led by the Clinton administration . And in Prague , Czech Republic , President Vaclav Havel  said in a statement , ` ` Never have we been part of such a broad , solid and binding security alliance which at the same time respects in its essence the sovereignty and will of our nation . ' ' The enlargement of NATO from 16 members to 19 has been one of the administration 's foremost foreign policy goals , one that grew out of a desire , its proponents said , to cement the democratic gains made in the former Warsaw Pact countries after the collapse of communism 10 years ago . Albright also used her speech to articulate a forward - looking vision for NATO , which will celebrate its 50th anniversary in Washington next month , and to defend NATO 's potential involvement in Kosovo . And we know that if , past is prologue , we face a future in which weapons will be more destructive at longer distances than ever before . ' ' But he never dreamed , he said , that his country would become a member of NATO . Similarly , the Hungarian foreign minister , Janos Martonyi , who remembers the 1956 uprising as a 13-year - old , said that membership of NATO meant that Hungary was returning ` ` to her natural habitat . ' ' Acheson is Albright 's favorite predecessor , her aides said . 	answer: negative
event: the push east signifies a rejection of the common European security system that was discussed at the end of the Cold War starts after the common European security system that discussed at the end of the Cold War story: ( AP)-- Poland , Hungary and the Czech Republic today became full - fledged members of NATO , less than a decade after exchanging communist rule for democracy and shedding their Cold War military ties to the Soviet Union . Secretary of State Madeleine Albright accepted admission papers from the three countries ' foreign ministers , marking their formal entry into the 50-year - old alliance . ` ` Hungary has come home . In a touch of symbolism , the ceremony took place at the Harry S. Truman Library . Ironically , NATO 's three newest members just a decade ago were still under the Soviet umbrella . There were 12 original members of NATO at the time of its founding . The new additions bring the total to 19 and many other hopefuls are waiting in the wings : Slovenia , Romania , Bulgaria , Slovakia , Lithuania , Estonia and Latvia . The issue is expected to dominate a NATO summit set for Washington in April . A decade ago , the military planning of Poland , Hungary and the Czech Republic was built around the possibility of a ground assault toward the west . ' NATO Secretary General Javier Solana says , ` ` The accession of the Czech Republic , Hungary and Poland ... is perhaps the clearest demonstration of the fact that Europe is growing closer together . ' ' ` ` Extending membership to these three democracies helps to stabilize a region that historically has been the staging ground for many of the disasters of this century . ' ' 	answer: positive
event: the push east signifies a rejection of the common European security system that was discussed at the end of the Cold War starts before the common European security system that discussed at the end of the Cold War story: ( AP)-- Poland , Hungary and the Czech Republic today became full - fledged members of NATO , less than a decade after exchanging communist rule for democracy and shedding their Cold War military ties to the Soviet Union . Secretary of State Madeleine Albright accepted admission papers from the three countries ' foreign ministers , marking their formal entry into the 50-year - old alliance . ` ` Hungary has come home . In a touch of symbolism , the ceremony took place at the Harry S. Truman Library . Ironically , NATO 's three newest members just a decade ago were still under the Soviet umbrella . There were 12 original members of NATO at the time of its founding . The new additions bring the total to 19 and many other hopefuls are waiting in the wings : Slovenia , Romania , Bulgaria , Slovakia , Lithuania , Estonia and Latvia . The issue is expected to dominate a NATO summit set for Washington in April . A decade ago , the military planning of Poland , Hungary and the Czech Republic was built around the possibility of a ground assault toward the west . ' NATO Secretary General Javier Solana says , ` ` The accession of the Czech Republic , Hungary and Poland ... is perhaps the clearest demonstration of the fact that Europe is growing closer together . ' ' ` ` Extending membership to these three democracies helps to stabilize a region that historically has been the staging ground for many of the disasters of this century . ' ' 	answer: negative
event: An abortion foe who is the subject of an international manhunt starts before Federal and state arrest warrants issued for James C. Kopp , 44 , of St. Albans , Vt story: BUFFALO , N.Y. ( AP ) -- An abortion foe who  is the subject of an international manhunt was charged with murder Thursday in the slaying of a doctor who was cut down in his kitchen by a sniper 's bullet . ` ` We have probable cause to believe this man , James Kopp , is responsible for the death of Dr. Barnett Slepian , ' ' FBI agent Bernard Tolbert said . Investigators have been searching for Kopp since shortly after the Oct. 23 slaying . Up until Thursday , however , they had described him only as a material witness wanted for questioning -- not a suspect . Both charges carry up to life in prison . The federal charge also carries a fine of up to $ 250,000 . The newly filed charges will intensify the ongoing international manhunt , Tolbert said . In response to the new charges , Canadian officials confirmed that Kopp is a suspect in sniper shootings that injured abortion doctors in November in Vancouver , British Columbia ; Winnipeg , Manitoba ; and Hamilton , Ontario . Authorities have said they believe the weapon may have been buried in advance of the shooting , with the killer digging it up to fire the shot , then reburying it and fleeing . Kopp also has been linked , through DNA testing , to a strand of hair found near where the sniper fired , law enforcement sources have said . His car was spotted in Slepian 's suburban Amherst neighborhood in the weeks before the shooting , and was found abandoned at New Jersey 's Newark International Airport in December , investigators said . ' 	answer: positive
event: An abortion foe who is the subject of an international manhunt starts after Federal and state arrest warrants issued for James C. Kopp , 44 , of St. Albans , Vt story: BUFFALO , N.Y. ( AP ) -- An abortion foe who  is the subject of an international manhunt was charged with murder Thursday in the slaying of a doctor who was cut down in his kitchen by a sniper 's bullet . ` ` We have probable cause to believe this man , James Kopp , is responsible for the death of Dr. Barnett Slepian , ' ' FBI agent Bernard Tolbert said . Investigators have been searching for Kopp since shortly after the Oct. 23 slaying . Up until Thursday , however , they had described him only as a material witness wanted for questioning -- not a suspect . Both charges carry up to life in prison . The federal charge also carries a fine of up to $ 250,000 . The newly filed charges will intensify the ongoing international manhunt , Tolbert said . In response to the new charges , Canadian officials confirmed that Kopp is a suspect in sniper shootings that injured abortion doctors in November in Vancouver , British Columbia ; Winnipeg , Manitoba ; and Hamilton , Ontario . Authorities have said they believe the weapon may have been buried in advance of the shooting , with the killer digging it up to fire the shot , then reburying it and fleeing . Kopp also has been linked , through DNA testing , to a strand of hair found near where the sniper fired , law enforcement sources have said . His car was spotted in Slepian 's suburban Amherst neighborhood in the weeks before the shooting , and was found abandoned at New Jersey 's Newark International Airport in December , investigators said . ' 	answer: negative
event: they believe that they are approaching the Battle of Armageddon in which they will be pitted against the uh kind of Satanic forces trying to take over the world starts before Mr. Potach notes older , more traditional groups like the Ku Klux Klan are also opening new chapters , thanks in part to their ability to use new technologies like the Internet story: While the expansion of the Internet has been a blessing for researchers , students and the just plain curious , the new opportunities mentioned by Mr. Gates are also being used by some rather unsavory characters . And many of them are using the Internet to spread their messages of racial superiority . More recently it has followed the growth of the militia movement and church groups that preach a message of white supremacy and anti - semitism . We in fact have seen hate group numbers dropping through the nineties , uh but this year they jumped up uh twenty percent , quite a dramatic rise . The Internet has certainly helped uh hate mongers to organize and uh to feel that they are part of a larger community , even if uh they are essentially uh , you know , angry people sitting in their bedrooms uh all alone . Uh , in addition , white power racist music has become uh quite popular in certain sectors . Uh , there are over fifty thousand CDs a year sold with uh lyrics that are quite uh unbelievable . The approach of the year two thousand has many of these groups in a kind of millennial frenzy . The Federal Bureau of Investigation says it received more than eight thousand reports of hate group crimes last year . Law enforcement authorities say such reports are likely to increase as police departments are now beginning to more accurately report hate crimes than they have in the past . Jim Teple , VOA News , Miami . 	answer: positive
event: they believe that they are approaching the Battle of Armageddon in which they will be pitted against the uh kind of Satanic forces trying to take over the world starts after Mr. Potach notes older , more traditional groups like the Ku Klux Klan are also opening new chapters , thanks in part to their ability to use new technologies like the Internet story: While the expansion of the Internet has been a blessing for researchers , students and the just plain curious , the new opportunities mentioned by Mr. Gates are also being used by some rather unsavory characters . And many of them are using the Internet to spread their messages of racial superiority . More recently it has followed the growth of the militia movement and church groups that preach a message of white supremacy and anti - semitism . We in fact have seen hate group numbers dropping through the nineties , uh but this year they jumped up uh twenty percent , quite a dramatic rise . The Internet has certainly helped uh hate mongers to organize and uh to feel that they are part of a larger community , even if uh they are essentially uh , you know , angry people sitting in their bedrooms uh all alone . Uh , in addition , white power racist music has become uh quite popular in certain sectors . Uh , there are over fifty thousand CDs a year sold with uh lyrics that are quite uh unbelievable . The approach of the year two thousand has many of these groups in a kind of millennial frenzy . The Federal Bureau of Investigation says it received more than eight thousand reports of hate group crimes last year . Law enforcement authorities say such reports are likely to increase as police departments are now beginning to more accurately report hate crimes than they have in the past . Jim Teple , VOA News , Miami . 	answer: negative
event: what happens starts after a Middle East scholar who written extensively about Iraq story: I think the Gorbachev plan was a good one . Iraq was ready to withdraw . " If so , and if it appears that the American goal actually is to destroy the Iraqi regime even at the cost of badly hurting Iraqi society , " the lingering cost of that could be high , " worries former national security adviser Zbigniew Brzezinski . " For one thing , Iraq still apparently has n't unleashed its stockpile of chemical weapons . Gen. Schwarzkopf said that some early reports that chemical weapons were used against allied troops turned out to be " bogus . " " The president and his top aides tentatively decided on Feb. 11 that a ground war would be necessary . In setting out his final challenge to Saddam Hussein , Mr. Bush continued the intensive personal diplomacy he began after the invasion last August . That would undermine any chances of rebuilding either Iraq or its armed forces in short order as long as Saddam Hussein remains in power . Outside analysts think Saddam Hussein 's position is indeed precarious . I think frankly Saddam is finished , no matter what  happens , " says Christine Helms , a Middle East scholar who has  written extensively about Iraq . Despite the lack of any obvious successors , the Iraqi leader 's internal power base appeared to be narrowing even before the war began . And the U.S. now will face sharper questions in the Arab world since it did n't back the peace proposals worked out in Moscow . For me , it is a great tragedy . " 	answer: positive
event: what happens starts before a Middle East scholar who written extensively about Iraq story: I think the Gorbachev plan was a good one . Iraq was ready to withdraw . " If so , and if it appears that the American goal actually is to destroy the Iraqi regime even at the cost of badly hurting Iraqi society , " the lingering cost of that could be high , " worries former national security adviser Zbigniew Brzezinski . " For one thing , Iraq still apparently has n't unleashed its stockpile of chemical weapons . Gen. Schwarzkopf said that some early reports that chemical weapons were used against allied troops turned out to be " bogus . " " The president and his top aides tentatively decided on Feb. 11 that a ground war would be necessary . In setting out his final challenge to Saddam Hussein , Mr. Bush continued the intensive personal diplomacy he began after the invasion last August . That would undermine any chances of rebuilding either Iraq or its armed forces in short order as long as Saddam Hussein remains in power . Outside analysts think Saddam Hussein 's position is indeed precarious . I think frankly Saddam is finished , no matter what  happens , " says Christine Helms , a Middle East scholar who has  written extensively about Iraq . Despite the lack of any obvious successors , the Iraqi leader 's internal power base appeared to be narrowing even before the war began . And the U.S. now will face sharper questions in the Arab world since it did n't back the peace proposals worked out in Moscow . For me , it is a great tragedy . " 	answer: negative
event: Kopp been the subject of a manhunt following reports that he was spotted in a vehicle near the scene of the Oct. 23 slaying of Slepian , 52 , an obstetrician who also performed abortions starts before The FBI says Kopp is wanted as a material witness in the case story: James Charles Kopp , 44 , of Vermont , was seen in the car of a female associate crossing the US border days after a sniper killed Dr. Barnett Slepian in his kitchen , the Buffalo News reported Friday . Kopp has  been the subject of a manhunt following reports that he was spotted in a vehicle near the scene of the Oct. 23 slaying of Slepian , 52 , an obstetrician who also performed abortions . The FBI  says Kopp is wanted as a material witness in the case . Friday , an FBI official said authorities are pursuing more than 400 tips but have not pinned down Kopp 's whereabouts . ` ` In all candor , the FBI does not know where James Kopp is _ period , ' ' said Paul Moskal , a spokesman for the bureau 's Buffalo office . ` ` He 's as likely to be in Boston , Massachusetts , as in Buffalo , New York . ' ' Authorities want to question the unidentified woman who allegedly traveled with Kopp , according to an investigator quoted by the newspaper . ` ` She may have been with Kopp sometime after the murder , ' ' the investigator said . He may have even traveled further into Central America or South America . ' ' A task force of US and Canadian officials is investigating the similarities between the attack on Slepian and four others on abortion providers in Canada and upstate New York in the past four years . The US Justice Department is offering a $ 500,000 reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction of those responsible for Slepian 's slaying . 	answer: positive
event: Kopp been the subject of a manhunt following reports that he was spotted in a vehicle near the scene of the Oct. 23 slaying of Slepian , 52 , an obstetrician who also performed abortions starts after The FBI says Kopp is wanted as a material witness in the case story: James Charles Kopp , 44 , of Vermont , was seen in the car of a female associate crossing the US border days after a sniper killed Dr. Barnett Slepian in his kitchen , the Buffalo News reported Friday . Kopp has  been the subject of a manhunt following reports that he was spotted in a vehicle near the scene of the Oct. 23 slaying of Slepian , 52 , an obstetrician who also performed abortions . The FBI  says Kopp is wanted as a material witness in the case . Friday , an FBI official said authorities are pursuing more than 400 tips but have not pinned down Kopp 's whereabouts . ` ` In all candor , the FBI does not know where James Kopp is _ period , ' ' said Paul Moskal , a spokesman for the bureau 's Buffalo office . ` ` He 's as likely to be in Boston , Massachusetts , as in Buffalo , New York . ' ' Authorities want to question the unidentified woman who allegedly traveled with Kopp , according to an investigator quoted by the newspaper . ` ` She may have been with Kopp sometime after the murder , ' ' the investigator said . He may have even traveled further into Central America or South America . ' ' A task force of US and Canadian officials is investigating the similarities between the attack on Slepian and four others on abortion providers in Canada and upstate New York in the past four years . The US Justice Department is offering a $ 500,000 reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction of those responsible for Slepian 's slaying . 	answer: negative
event: Kopp is a suspect in sniper shootings that injured abortion doctors in November in Vancouver , British Columbia ; Winnipeg , Manitoba ; and Hamilton , Ontario starts after sniper shootings that injured abortion doctors in November in Vancouver , British Columbia ; Winnipeg , Manitoba ; and Hamilton , Ontario story: An abortion foe who is the subject of an international manhunt was charged with murder Thursday in the slaying of a doctor who was cut down in his kitchen by a sniper 's bullet . Federal and state arrest warrants were issued for James C. Kopp , 44 , of St. Albans , Vt . Investigators have been searching for Kopp since shortly after the Oct. 23 slaying . Up until Thursday , however , they had described him only as a material witness wanted for questioning -- not a suspect . In addition to a state charge of murder , Kopp faces a federal charge of violating the Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act by using deadly force against an abortion doctor . Investigators would not divulge the evidence against Kopp but said last month 's discovery of a scope - equipped rifle buried near the Slepian home represented a major breakthrough . Slepian , 52 , was shot with a rifle . Authorities have said they believe the weapon may have been buried in advance of the shooting , with the killer digging it up to fire the shot , then reburying it and fleeing . Kopp is now the second anti - abortion activist being sought by the FBI as a suspect in a fatal attack . Eric Rudolph has been on the run since the January 1998 bombing of a Birmingham , Ala. , abortion clinic that killed an off - duty police officer and maimed a nurse . He also is charged in three Atlanta attacks , including the 1996 Olympic bombing that killed one person . 	answer: positive
event: Kopp is a suspect in sniper shootings that injured abortion doctors in November in Vancouver , British Columbia ; Winnipeg , Manitoba ; and Hamilton , Ontario starts before sniper shootings that injured abortion doctors in November in Vancouver , British Columbia ; Winnipeg , Manitoba ; and Hamilton , Ontario story: An abortion foe who is the subject of an international manhunt was charged with murder Thursday in the slaying of a doctor who was cut down in his kitchen by a sniper 's bullet . Federal and state arrest warrants were issued for James C. Kopp , 44 , of St. Albans , Vt . Investigators have been searching for Kopp since shortly after the Oct. 23 slaying . Up until Thursday , however , they had described him only as a material witness wanted for questioning -- not a suspect . In addition to a state charge of murder , Kopp faces a federal charge of violating the Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act by using deadly force against an abortion doctor . Investigators would not divulge the evidence against Kopp but said last month 's discovery of a scope - equipped rifle buried near the Slepian home represented a major breakthrough . Slepian , 52 , was shot with a rifle . Authorities have said they believe the weapon may have been buried in advance of the shooting , with the killer digging it up to fire the shot , then reburying it and fleeing . Kopp is now the second anti - abortion activist being sought by the FBI as a suspect in a fatal attack . Eric Rudolph has been on the run since the January 1998 bombing of a Birmingham , Ala. , abortion clinic that killed an off - duty police officer and maimed a nurse . He also is charged in three Atlanta attacks , including the 1996 Olympic bombing that killed one person . 	answer: negative
event: the second anti - abortion activist sought by the FBI as a suspect in a fatal attack starts after the January 1998 bombing of a Birmingham , Ala. , abortion clinic that maimed a nurse story: BUFFALO , N.Y. ( AP ) -- Dr. Barnett Slepian , just back from synagogue , was heating soup in his kitchen last fall when he was gunned down with a single shot through a window . Slepian 's killer is still at large . But for the first time , authorities have named a suspect in the slaying -- anti - abortion activist James Kopp . ` ` Today , I 'm here to tell you we have our suspect , ' ' said Bernard Tolbert , special agent - in - charge of the FBI 's Buffalo office . He was charged Thursday in state and federal complaints with second - degree murder and with violating the Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act by using deadly force against an abortion doctor . Kopp 's whereabouts remain unknown . Investigators would not divulge the evidence against Kopp but said last month 's discovery of a scope - equipped rifle buried near the Slepian home represented a major breakthrough . Slepian , 52 , was shot with a rifle . Nicknamed the ` ` Atomic Dog ' ' in anti - abortion circles , Kopp had been arrested in several states since 1990 for protesting abortion . The filing of the charges has intensified interest in Kopp as a suspect in three non - fatal sniper attacks on Canadian abortion providers , and one near Rochester , N.Y. , between 1994 and 1997 . Eric Rudolph has been on the run since the January 1998 bombing of a Birmingham , Ala. , abortion clinic that killed an off - duty police officer and  maimed a nurse . He also is charged in three Atlanta attacks , including the 1996 Olympic bombing that killed one person . 	answer: positive
event: the second anti - abortion activist sought by the FBI as a suspect in a fatal attack starts before the January 1998 bombing of a Birmingham , Ala. , abortion clinic that maimed a nurse story: BUFFALO , N.Y. ( AP ) -- Dr. Barnett Slepian , just back from synagogue , was heating soup in his kitchen last fall when he was gunned down with a single shot through a window . Slepian 's killer is still at large . But for the first time , authorities have named a suspect in the slaying -- anti - abortion activist James Kopp . ` ` Today , I 'm here to tell you we have our suspect , ' ' said Bernard Tolbert , special agent - in - charge of the FBI 's Buffalo office . He was charged Thursday in state and federal complaints with second - degree murder and with violating the Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act by using deadly force against an abortion doctor . Kopp 's whereabouts remain unknown . Investigators would not divulge the evidence against Kopp but said last month 's discovery of a scope - equipped rifle buried near the Slepian home represented a major breakthrough . Slepian , 52 , was shot with a rifle . Nicknamed the ` ` Atomic Dog ' ' in anti - abortion circles , Kopp had been arrested in several states since 1990 for protesting abortion . The filing of the charges has intensified interest in Kopp as a suspect in three non - fatal sniper attacks on Canadian abortion providers , and one near Rochester , N.Y. , between 1994 and 1997 . Eric Rudolph has been on the run since the January 1998 bombing of a Birmingham , Ala. , abortion clinic that killed an off - duty police officer and  maimed a nurse . He also is charged in three Atlanta attacks , including the 1996 Olympic bombing that killed one person . 	answer: negative
event: Tourism industry revenues reportedly dropped to $ 300 million last year down from $ 450 million the year before starts before the national airline which gone into partnership with KLM Royal Dutch Airlines story: _ Tour operators who specialize in travel in Kenya and Tanzania , which boast some of Africa 's best game parks and sunniest beaches , say there have been no mass cancellations as a result of the Aug. 7 Embassy bombings in Nairobi , the Kenyan capital , and Dar es Salaam , Tanzania , which left more than 250 people dead . The bombed - out Embassy in Nairobi is expected to be demolished after the FBI has finished gathering evidence . The embassy in Dar es Salaam suffered less damage from the blast , although it , too , may have to be razed . For now , the State Department says , Embassy employees can offer only emergency consular service . ` ` We do expect a little downward movement in the industry . ' ' Tourism industry revenues reportedly  dropped to $ 300 million last year , down from $ 450 million the year before . The bombing will doubtless set back those efforts . But the lack of infrastructure has worked to Tanzania 's advantage in recent years given the dramatic growth in the number of adventure travelers who are willing , even eager to go without the five - star safari resorts that Kenya offers . The number of visitors to Tanzania jumped from fewer than 100,000 in 1980 to more than 300,000 last year , prompting the government to improve roads needed for safari tours . ` ` Tanzania has just been underdeveloped for years , and they 're beginning to develop it now , ' ' said Jalal Ebrahim , president of Safaricentre International , a tour operator in Manhattan Beach , ( 254 - 2 ) 751 - 613 . 	answer: positive
event: Tourism industry revenues reportedly dropped to $ 300 million last year down from $ 450 million the year before starts after the national airline which gone into partnership with KLM Royal Dutch Airlines story: _ Tour operators who specialize in travel in Kenya and Tanzania , which boast some of Africa 's best game parks and sunniest beaches , say there have been no mass cancellations as a result of the Aug. 7 Embassy bombings in Nairobi , the Kenyan capital , and Dar es Salaam , Tanzania , which left more than 250 people dead . The bombed - out Embassy in Nairobi is expected to be demolished after the FBI has finished gathering evidence . The embassy in Dar es Salaam suffered less damage from the blast , although it , too , may have to be razed . For now , the State Department says , Embassy employees can offer only emergency consular service . ` ` We do expect a little downward movement in the industry . ' ' Tourism industry revenues reportedly  dropped to $ 300 million last year , down from $ 450 million the year before . The bombing will doubtless set back those efforts . But the lack of infrastructure has worked to Tanzania 's advantage in recent years given the dramatic growth in the number of adventure travelers who are willing , even eager to go without the five - star safari resorts that Kenya offers . The number of visitors to Tanzania jumped from fewer than 100,000 in 1980 to more than 300,000 last year , prompting the government to improve roads needed for safari tours . ` ` Tanzania has just been underdeveloped for years , and they 're beginning to develop it now , ' ' said Jalal Ebrahim , president of Safaricentre International , a tour operator in Manhattan Beach , ( 254 - 2 ) 751 - 613 . 	answer: negative
event: He argued setting an explicit deadline for Saddam Hussein to break would , when it was broken , give the U.S. military a clear green light to proceed starts before In setting out his final challenge to Saddam Hussein Mr. Bush continued the intensive personal diplomacy he began after the invasion last August story: I think the Gorbachev plan was a good one . " Secretary of State James Baker said on ABC - TV 's " This Week With David Brinkley " that the series of United Nations resolutions condemning Iraq 's invasion of Kuwait " imply that the restoration of peace and stability in the Gulf would be a heck of a lot easier if he and that leadership were not in power in Iraq . " Of course , it is still far too early to assume that the military situation on the ground will stay as smooth for allied forces as it appears to have been so far . Iraq is believed to have the ability to deliver chemical weapons in artillery shells or , perhaps , atop Soviet - made Frog7 missiles . Perhaps more important , it appears that allied troops have n't yet fully engaged Iraq 's vaunted Republican Guard , which has been sitting just north of the Iraq - Kuwait border and is considered the most potent element in the Iraqi defense . President Bush 's political argument for going to a ground war has been strengthened by the growing stream of reports of wanton Iraqi destruction inside Kuwait . He  argued setting an explicit deadline for Saddam Hussein to break would , when it was broken , give the U.S. military a clear green light to proceed . Outside analysts think Saddam Hussein 's position is indeed precarious . We looked to the United States , we expected you to have the moral edge , " says Nasser Tahboub , a Jerusalem - born Jordanian who has an American wife and a doctorate in political science from Duke University . " Now we see that edge eroded . 	answer: positive
event: He argued setting an explicit deadline for Saddam Hussein to break would , when it was broken , give the U.S. military a clear green light to proceed starts after In setting out his final challenge to Saddam Hussein Mr. Bush continued the intensive personal diplomacy he began after the invasion last August story: I think the Gorbachev plan was a good one . " Secretary of State James Baker said on ABC - TV 's " This Week With David Brinkley " that the series of United Nations resolutions condemning Iraq 's invasion of Kuwait " imply that the restoration of peace and stability in the Gulf would be a heck of a lot easier if he and that leadership were not in power in Iraq . " Of course , it is still far too early to assume that the military situation on the ground will stay as smooth for allied forces as it appears to have been so far . Iraq is believed to have the ability to deliver chemical weapons in artillery shells or , perhaps , atop Soviet - made Frog7 missiles . Perhaps more important , it appears that allied troops have n't yet fully engaged Iraq 's vaunted Republican Guard , which has been sitting just north of the Iraq - Kuwait border and is considered the most potent element in the Iraqi defense . President Bush 's political argument for going to a ground war has been strengthened by the growing stream of reports of wanton Iraqi destruction inside Kuwait . He  argued setting an explicit deadline for Saddam Hussein to break would , when it was broken , give the U.S. military a clear green light to proceed . Outside analysts think Saddam Hussein 's position is indeed precarious . We looked to the United States , we expected you to have the moral edge , " says Nasser Tahboub , a Jerusalem - born Jordanian who has an American wife and a doctorate in political science from Duke University . " Now we see that edge eroded . 	answer: negative
event: he realized that Paribas 's intentions were n't friendly starts after Once he realized that Paribas 's intentions were n't friendly before the bid was launched he sought approval to boost his Paribas stake above 10 % story: At a news conference , Mr. Fournier accused Paribas of planning to pay for the takeover by selling parts of the company , whose interests include insurance , banking , tuna canning , sugar and orange juice . But sources said he will be urging his allies to boost their stakes in Navigation Mixte , which is being traded in London and is to resume trading in Paris Tuesday . For the moment , the sources said , he has decided against seeking a white knight or organizing a counterbid for Paribas . Mr. Fournier said the exceptional gain would mean nearly twice as high a dividend this year as last . Analysts noted that over the past 20 years , Mr. Fournier has built his company through astute stock - market activity and has warded off at least three takeover attempts . This time , however , some analysts think he could face a real battle . The petition is still pending , but Mr. Fournier downplayed the likelihood of his organizing a takeover bid of his own for the much - larger Paribas . Allianz , for example , has said in official comments so far that it will remain neutral . Paribas is Allianz 's lead French bank . Paribas said Monday that it intends to bid to boost its stake in Navigation Mixte to 66.7 % , from the 18.7 % it already owns . The purchase of the additional 48 % stake is expected to cost more than 11 billion francs ( $ 1.77 billion ) . 	answer: positive
event: he realized that Paribas 's intentions were n't friendly starts before Once he realized that Paribas 's intentions were n't friendly before the bid was launched he sought approval to boost his Paribas stake above 10 % story: At a news conference , Mr. Fournier accused Paribas of planning to pay for the takeover by selling parts of the company , whose interests include insurance , banking , tuna canning , sugar and orange juice . But sources said he will be urging his allies to boost their stakes in Navigation Mixte , which is being traded in London and is to resume trading in Paris Tuesday . For the moment , the sources said , he has decided against seeking a white knight or organizing a counterbid for Paribas . Mr. Fournier said the exceptional gain would mean nearly twice as high a dividend this year as last . Analysts noted that over the past 20 years , Mr. Fournier has built his company through astute stock - market activity and has warded off at least three takeover attempts . This time , however , some analysts think he could face a real battle . The petition is still pending , but Mr. Fournier downplayed the likelihood of his organizing a takeover bid of his own for the much - larger Paribas . Allianz , for example , has said in official comments so far that it will remain neutral . Paribas is Allianz 's lead French bank . Paribas said Monday that it intends to bid to boost its stake in Navigation Mixte to 66.7 % , from the 18.7 % it already owns . The purchase of the additional 48 % stake is expected to cost more than 11 billion francs ( $ 1.77 billion ) . 	answer: negative
event: The Aug. 7 , 1998 , bombings killed more than 200 people including 12 Americans starts before the largest reward the government ever offered for a fugitive story: WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- The FBI put alleged terrorist mastermind Osama Bin Laden and anti - abortion activist and accused doctor killer James Charles Kopp on the bureau 's list of the Ten Most Wanted fugitives Monday . The Aug. 7 , 1998 , bombings  killed more than 200 people , including 12 Americans . N.Y. Slepian provided legal abortions in western New York state . : Each wrongly believes he is justified in using all means possible to achieve his goal . Freeh said Bin Laden may be hiding out in Afghanistan , which has been uncooperative in the case . Kopp , meanwhile , may have approached the border with Mexico , but it is unknown whether he crossed into that country , said Freeh . ' Carpenter said the U.S. government 's counterterrorism program has paid out over $ 6 million in some 20 cases around the world for credible information . The two were removed from the list after Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi agreed in April to hand them over for trial in the Netherlands , a neutral venue . Bin Laden and Kopp are the 455th and 456th persons to be placed on the FBI 's most wanted list , which began in 1950 . Since then , 427 fugitives have been taken into custody or located , 133 of them as a result of citizen assistance , the FBI said . Six suspects in the Bin Laden investigation are known to be in custody in the Metropolitan Correctional Center in New York . Kopp wears eyeglasses , walks with a slight limp , is 5 feet , 10 inches tall and weighs 150 to 175 pounds . 	answer: positive
event: The Aug. 7 , 1998 , bombings killed more than 200 people including 12 Americans starts after the largest reward the government ever offered for a fugitive story: WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- The FBI put alleged terrorist mastermind Osama Bin Laden and anti - abortion activist and accused doctor killer James Charles Kopp on the bureau 's list of the Ten Most Wanted fugitives Monday . The Aug. 7 , 1998 , bombings  killed more than 200 people , including 12 Americans . N.Y. Slepian provided legal abortions in western New York state . : Each wrongly believes he is justified in using all means possible to achieve his goal . Freeh said Bin Laden may be hiding out in Afghanistan , which has been uncooperative in the case . Kopp , meanwhile , may have approached the border with Mexico , but it is unknown whether he crossed into that country , said Freeh . ' Carpenter said the U.S. government 's counterterrorism program has paid out over $ 6 million in some 20 cases around the world for credible information . The two were removed from the list after Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi agreed in April to hand them over for trial in the Netherlands , a neutral venue . Bin Laden and Kopp are the 455th and 456th persons to be placed on the FBI 's most wanted list , which began in 1950 . Since then , 427 fugitives have been taken into custody or located , 133 of them as a result of citizen assistance , the FBI said . Six suspects in the Bin Laden investigation are known to be in custody in the Metropolitan Correctional Center in New York . Kopp wears eyeglasses , walks with a slight limp , is 5 feet , 10 inches tall and weighs 150 to 175 pounds . 	answer: negative
event: He said Cuba has not prohibited Gonzalez from going to Miami to retrieve Elian starts before ` We have gotten the same message from U.S. officials -- in private -- several times that it is not advisable for this man to appear in U.S. territory said Alarcon story: HAVANA ( AP ) -- The protest marked a return to the larger demonstrations of early December , when hundreds of thousands of people rallied in some of Cuba 's biggest gatherings since the triumph of the revolution that brought President Castro to power 41 years ago . Elian , the boy at the center of the international dispute , was found clinging to an inner tube Nov. 25 off the coast of Florida after his mother , stepfather and others died in a failed attempt to reach U.S. shores . Alarcon , former Cuban ambassador to the United Nations , dismissed suggestions by some U.S. politicians and Elian 's relatives in Miami that Elian 's father travel from Cardenas , Cuba , to Miami to pick up the boy . The concern in Cuba always has been that if Gonzalez goes he will immediately become involved in political and legal problems that will prevent his speedy return . ` ` I would go there just for one minute to get him . Since his sea rescue , Elian has been increasingly referred to in Cuba as ` ` our son , ' ' a boy hero symbolizing the government 's decades - long ideological battle with Cuban exiles in Miami . Reno allowed the extension of the deadline after rejecting a Florida state court order that Elian remain in Miami until March 6 to hear arguments by his American relatives . He and others who oppose the boy 's return to Cuba say that Elian 's mother died to give the boy freedom in the United States . 	answer: positive
event: He said Cuba has not prohibited Gonzalez from going to Miami to retrieve Elian starts after ` We have gotten the same message from U.S. officials -- in private -- several times that it is not advisable for this man to appear in U.S. territory said Alarcon story: HAVANA ( AP ) -- The protest marked a return to the larger demonstrations of early December , when hundreds of thousands of people rallied in some of Cuba 's biggest gatherings since the triumph of the revolution that brought President Castro to power 41 years ago . Elian , the boy at the center of the international dispute , was found clinging to an inner tube Nov. 25 off the coast of Florida after his mother , stepfather and others died in a failed attempt to reach U.S. shores . Alarcon , former Cuban ambassador to the United Nations , dismissed suggestions by some U.S. politicians and Elian 's relatives in Miami that Elian 's father travel from Cardenas , Cuba , to Miami to pick up the boy . The concern in Cuba always has been that if Gonzalez goes he will immediately become involved in political and legal problems that will prevent his speedy return . ` ` I would go there just for one minute to get him . Since his sea rescue , Elian has been increasingly referred to in Cuba as ` ` our son , ' ' a boy hero symbolizing the government 's decades - long ideological battle with Cuban exiles in Miami . Reno allowed the extension of the deadline after rejecting a Florida state court order that Elian remain in Miami until March 6 to hear arguments by his American relatives . He and others who oppose the boy 's return to Cuba say that Elian 's mother died to give the boy freedom in the United States . 	answer: negative
event: Some analysts said Courtaulds ' moves could boost the company 's value by 5 % to 10 % , because the two entities separately will carry a higher price earnings multiple than they did combined starts before they combined story: Courtaulds PLC announced plans to spin off its textiles operations to existing shareholders in a restructuring to boost shareholder value . The British chemical and textile company 's plan , which requires shareholder approval , would create a new , listed U.K. stock with a probable market capitalization between # 300 million ( $ 473 million ) and # 400 million , analysts said . Investors welcomed the move . Courtaulds ' shares rose 15 pence to 362 pence , valuing the entire company at about # 1.44 billion . In addition , Courtaulds said the moves are logical because they will allow both the chemicals and textile businesses to focus more closely on core activities . Courtaulds has been under pressure to enhance shareholder value since takeover speculators -- including Australian financier Kerry Packer -- surfaced holding small stakes last year . Though Mr. Packer has since sold his stake , Courtaulds is moving to keep its institutional shareholders happy . Even without a specific takeover threat , Courtaulds is giving shareholders " choice and value , " said Julia Blake , an analyst at London stockbrokers Barclays de Zoete Wedd . In a statement , the company said : " Both parts can only realize their full potential and be appropriately valued by the market if they are separately quoted companies . The sharper definition and the autonomy which each will thereby gain will benefit shareholders , customers and employees . " Courtaulds Chairman and Chief Executive Sir Christopher Hogg will remain in both posts at the surviving chemical company after the spinoff . 	answer: positive
event: Some analysts said Courtaulds ' moves could boost the company 's value by 5 % to 10 % , because the two entities separately will carry a higher price earnings multiple than they did combined starts after they combined story: Courtaulds PLC announced plans to spin off its textiles operations to existing shareholders in a restructuring to boost shareholder value . The British chemical and textile company 's plan , which requires shareholder approval , would create a new , listed U.K. stock with a probable market capitalization between # 300 million ( $ 473 million ) and # 400 million , analysts said . Investors welcomed the move . Courtaulds ' shares rose 15 pence to 362 pence , valuing the entire company at about # 1.44 billion . In addition , Courtaulds said the moves are logical because they will allow both the chemicals and textile businesses to focus more closely on core activities . Courtaulds has been under pressure to enhance shareholder value since takeover speculators -- including Australian financier Kerry Packer -- surfaced holding small stakes last year . Though Mr. Packer has since sold his stake , Courtaulds is moving to keep its institutional shareholders happy . Even without a specific takeover threat , Courtaulds is giving shareholders " choice and value , " said Julia Blake , an analyst at London stockbrokers Barclays de Zoete Wedd . In a statement , the company said : " Both parts can only realize their full potential and be appropriately valued by the market if they are separately quoted companies . The sharper definition and the autonomy which each will thereby gain will benefit shareholders , customers and employees . " Courtaulds Chairman and Chief Executive Sir Christopher Hogg will remain in both posts at the surviving chemical company after the spinoff . 	answer: negative
event: Meanwhile as VOA West Africa Correspondent Purnell Murdock reports General Abacha 's supporters began a two day rally in the capital , Abuja , to urge him to compete in this year 's election starts before thousands of people gathering in the capital Abuja early Tuesday for the two day rally supporting General Sani Abacha 's candidacy story: Nigerian security forces clashed in Lagos with anti - government demonstrators who were protesting calls for military leader Sani Abacha to run for president . Meanwhile , as VOA West Africa Correspondent Purnell Murdock reports , General Abacha 's supporters  began a two day rally in the capital , Abuja , to urge him to compete in this year 's election . Nigeria state radio says thousands of people began  gathering in the capital Abuja early Tuesday for the two day rally supporting General Sani Abacha 's candidacy . Organizers state the two days of music , dancing , and speeches is expected to draw some two million people . But as supporters of the military leader gathered in the north , riot police deployed in Nigeria 's southern commercial capital Lagos , to break up a protest rally called by the political opposition . Although General Abacha had not publicly announced his candidacy , many people believe an Abacha presidency is a foregone conclusion . Some analysts say the outcome of a face off between the police and anti Abacha political groups will be a test of the opposition 's resolve . Purnell Murdock , VOA News . 	answer: positive
event: Meanwhile as VOA West Africa Correspondent Purnell Murdock reports General Abacha 's supporters began a two day rally in the capital , Abuja , to urge him to compete in this year 's election starts after thousands of people gathering in the capital Abuja early Tuesday for the two day rally supporting General Sani Abacha 's candidacy story: Nigerian security forces clashed in Lagos with anti - government demonstrators who were protesting calls for military leader Sani Abacha to run for president . Meanwhile , as VOA West Africa Correspondent Purnell Murdock reports , General Abacha 's supporters  began a two day rally in the capital , Abuja , to urge him to compete in this year 's election . Nigeria state radio says thousands of people began  gathering in the capital Abuja early Tuesday for the two day rally supporting General Sani Abacha 's candidacy . Organizers state the two days of music , dancing , and speeches is expected to draw some two million people . But as supporters of the military leader gathered in the north , riot police deployed in Nigeria 's southern commercial capital Lagos , to break up a protest rally called by the political opposition . Although General Abacha had not publicly announced his candidacy , many people believe an Abacha presidency is a foregone conclusion . Some analysts say the outcome of a face off between the police and anti Abacha political groups will be a test of the opposition 's resolve . Purnell Murdock , VOA News . 	answer: negative
event: But they said Friday 's focus on the top - tier stocks telegraphed active overseas selling and showed the broad - based fears over the status of the U.K. economy and Britain 's currency in the wake of the upheaval in Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher 's cabinet starts after Friday 's focus on the top - tier stocks showed the broad - based fears over the status of the U.K. economy and Britain 's currency in the wake of the upheaval in Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher 's cabinet story: It showed some early resilience after central bank support firmed sterling , but the weight of Wall Street late in London trading , and signs of further weakness in the British pound , proved a hefty load to bear . Dealers said the turnover , largely confined to the 100-share index stocks , partly reflected the flurry of activity typical at the close of a two - week trading account and the start of a new account . British Gas shed 8.5 pence a share to close at 185 pence ( $ 2.90 ) . Other dealers added that the blue - chip stocks in general were hit by profit - taking over concerns that London shares will continue posting declines and the uncertainty over sterling given that Mr. Lawson 's successor , John Major , had only been in the job one day . British Petroleum fell 5 to 286 on 14 million shares traded . Among the other actively traded blue - chip issues , Imperial Chemical Industries dropped 11 to # 10.86 , Hanson skidded 9.5 to 200.5 , and British Telecom fell 10 to 250 . Fund managers said Friday 's profittaking was a natural result of the week 's " abnormal fever " in buying real estate , shipbuilding , steel and construction shares . The DAX dropped 19.69 points Friday to 1462.93 . They said contributing to the downward drift was the fact that many professional traders had chosen to square positions ahead of the weekend . It 's the whole uncertainty about what 's happening around us , " said Valentin Von Korff , a trader at Credit Suisse First Boston in Frankfurt . 	answer: positive
event: But they said Friday 's focus on the top - tier stocks telegraphed active overseas selling and showed the broad - based fears over the status of the U.K. economy and Britain 's currency in the wake of the upheaval in Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher 's cabinet starts before Friday 's focus on the top - tier stocks showed the broad - based fears over the status of the U.K. economy and Britain 's currency in the wake of the upheaval in Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher 's cabinet story: It showed some early resilience after central bank support firmed sterling , but the weight of Wall Street late in London trading , and signs of further weakness in the British pound , proved a hefty load to bear . Dealers said the turnover , largely confined to the 100-share index stocks , partly reflected the flurry of activity typical at the close of a two - week trading account and the start of a new account . British Gas shed 8.5 pence a share to close at 185 pence ( $ 2.90 ) . Other dealers added that the blue - chip stocks in general were hit by profit - taking over concerns that London shares will continue posting declines and the uncertainty over sterling given that Mr. Lawson 's successor , John Major , had only been in the job one day . British Petroleum fell 5 to 286 on 14 million shares traded . Among the other actively traded blue - chip issues , Imperial Chemical Industries dropped 11 to # 10.86 , Hanson skidded 9.5 to 200.5 , and British Telecom fell 10 to 250 . Fund managers said Friday 's profittaking was a natural result of the week 's " abnormal fever " in buying real estate , shipbuilding , steel and construction shares . The DAX dropped 19.69 points Friday to 1462.93 . They said contributing to the downward drift was the fact that many professional traders had chosen to square positions ahead of the weekend . It 's the whole uncertainty about what 's happening around us , " said Valentin Von Korff , a trader at Credit Suisse First Boston in Frankfurt . 	answer: negative
event: Cuban journalist Luis Baez who written several books about Cuban emigration to the United States starts before After the rally state television showed the Cuban exiles in the streets of Miami some of them carrying signs demanding ` ` Freedom for Elian , ' ' the same battle cry regularly chanted during rallies on this side of the Florida Straits story: While state - run television broadcast footage of Cuban exiles protesting in Miami against the repatriation of Elian Gonzalez , the Cuban government urged its people to keep up their own demonstrations to ensure the boy 's return . The unusual airing of protests against President Fidel Castro appeared aimed at warning Cuban citizens that South Florida exiles could still force the reversal of the U.S. government 's decision to return Gonzalez to Cuba . After the rally , state television  showed the Cuban exiles in the streets of Miami -- some of them carrying signs demanding ` ` Freedom for Elian , ' ' the same battle cry regularly chanted during rallies on this side of the Florida Straits . Hundreds of Cuban - Americans chanting ` ` Liberty ! Liberty ! ' ' blocked intersections and cut off access to the Port of Miami . In one case , riot police had to use tear gas to clear them . ` ` We can not stop mobilizing ! The struggle must not stop for one minute ! ' ' said a message that was read Wednesday night to several thousand rallying Cuban scientists . Rescued on Nov. 25 by fishermen off the Florida coast , Elian has become the subject of an international custody battle . His mother died in a boating accident trying to get Elian and herself to the United States . But Elian 's relatives in Miami have fought to keep the boy , saying they could provide him with a better life . Neither he nor Elian 's four grandparents could be located in their hometown of Cardenas , east of Havana . 	answer: positive
event: Cuban journalist Luis Baez who written several books about Cuban emigration to the United States starts after After the rally state television showed the Cuban exiles in the streets of Miami some of them carrying signs demanding ` ` Freedom for Elian , ' ' the same battle cry regularly chanted during rallies on this side of the Florida Straits story: While state - run television broadcast footage of Cuban exiles protesting in Miami against the repatriation of Elian Gonzalez , the Cuban government urged its people to keep up their own demonstrations to ensure the boy 's return . The unusual airing of protests against President Fidel Castro appeared aimed at warning Cuban citizens that South Florida exiles could still force the reversal of the U.S. government 's decision to return Gonzalez to Cuba . After the rally , state television  showed the Cuban exiles in the streets of Miami -- some of them carrying signs demanding ` ` Freedom for Elian , ' ' the same battle cry regularly chanted during rallies on this side of the Florida Straits . Hundreds of Cuban - Americans chanting ` ` Liberty ! Liberty ! ' ' blocked intersections and cut off access to the Port of Miami . In one case , riot police had to use tear gas to clear them . ` ` We can not stop mobilizing ! The struggle must not stop for one minute ! ' ' said a message that was read Wednesday night to several thousand rallying Cuban scientists . Rescued on Nov. 25 by fishermen off the Florida coast , Elian has become the subject of an international custody battle . His mother died in a boating accident trying to get Elian and herself to the United States . But Elian 's relatives in Miami have fought to keep the boy , saying they could provide him with a better life . Neither he nor Elian 's four grandparents could be located in their hometown of Cardenas , east of Havana . 	answer: negative
event: the bugs which cause the chip to give wrong answers for some mathematical calculations starts before But while International Business Machines Corp. and Compaq Computer Corp. say the bugs will delay products most big computer makers said the flaws do n't affect them story: Hewlett announced last week that it planned to ship a computer based on the 486 chip early next year . " These bugs do n't affect our schedule at all , " he said . We have n't modified our schedules in any way , " said a Sun spokesman . What 's more , the bugs only emerge on esoteric applications such as computer - aided design and scientific calculations , he said , and then very seldom . " The reason this is getting so much visibility is that some started shipping and announced early availability , " said Hewlett - Packard 's Mr. Archuleta . " Compaq , which said it discovered the bugs , still plans to announce new 486 products on Nov. 6 . Intel 's 80486 chip is the Corvette of Intel 's microprocessors , a super - fast , super - expensive chip that only the most power - hungry computer users are likely to buy for at least several years . Unveiled last April , the chip crams 1.2 million transistors on a sliver of silicon , more than four times as many as on Intel 's earlier model , 80386 . The 486 is the descendant of a long series of Intel chips that began dominating the market ever since IBM picked the 16-bit 8088 chip for its first personal computer . Big personal computer makers and many makers of engineering workstations are developing 486-based machines , which are expected to reach the market early next year . It 's going to be the leading edge technology in personal computers for the next few years . This bug is not going to have any affect on that at all . Andy Zipser in Dallas contributed to this article . 	answer: positive
event: the bugs which cause the chip to give wrong answers for some mathematical calculations starts after But while International Business Machines Corp. and Compaq Computer Corp. say the bugs will delay products most big computer makers said the flaws do n't affect them story: Hewlett announced last week that it planned to ship a computer based on the 486 chip early next year . " These bugs do n't affect our schedule at all , " he said . We have n't modified our schedules in any way , " said a Sun spokesman . What 's more , the bugs only emerge on esoteric applications such as computer - aided design and scientific calculations , he said , and then very seldom . " The reason this is getting so much visibility is that some started shipping and announced early availability , " said Hewlett - Packard 's Mr. Archuleta . " Compaq , which said it discovered the bugs , still plans to announce new 486 products on Nov. 6 . Intel 's 80486 chip is the Corvette of Intel 's microprocessors , a super - fast , super - expensive chip that only the most power - hungry computer users are likely to buy for at least several years . Unveiled last April , the chip crams 1.2 million transistors on a sliver of silicon , more than four times as many as on Intel 's earlier model , 80386 . The 486 is the descendant of a long series of Intel chips that began dominating the market ever since IBM picked the 16-bit 8088 chip for its first personal computer . Big personal computer makers and many makers of engineering workstations are developing 486-based machines , which are expected to reach the market early next year . It 's going to be the leading edge technology in personal computers for the next few years . This bug is not going to have any affect on that at all . Andy Zipser in Dallas contributed to this article . 	answer: negative
event: the mother perished starts before The father 's when learning that his boy was safe in Miami story: WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- Juan Miguel Gonzalez objected to the media access to Elian that Lazaro Gonzalez 's family has permitted and to the treatment of Elian by psychologists selected by Lazaro Gonzalez 's family . Meantime , the possibility of a meeting between Attorney General Janet Reno and Lazaro Gonzalez 's family reemerged Thursday . Reno agreed to a meeting earlier this week , only to have Lazaro Gonzalez 's family withdraw the request . Later Thursday , two of Elian 's Miami cousins sought support on Capitol Hill for legislation that would help keep the boy in America . ` ` We 're doing what 's in Elian 's best interest . ` ` He wanted to reunite with his son -- but not in Cuba , ' ' Cid said . She said she and other family members had spoken to Elian 's father by phone both before and after the mother  perished . A group of Florida lawmakers introduced legislation this month to grant Elian American citizenship , which would take the decision about Elian 's future away from INS and give it to a Florida family court . Support for the bill has been waning . A Justice official , who requested anonymity , said the department has authority , if necessary , to shift temporary custody to someone other than Lazaro Gonzalez . The Immigration and Naturalization Service has ruled in favor of the father 's request that the boy be returned to him in Cuba , but that decision was put on hold while the Miami relatives battle in federal court to keep him in this country . ' He said Elian was ` ` surrounded by two drunks . ' 	answer: positive
event: the mother perished starts after The father 's when learning that his boy was safe in Miami story: WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- Juan Miguel Gonzalez objected to the media access to Elian that Lazaro Gonzalez 's family has permitted and to the treatment of Elian by psychologists selected by Lazaro Gonzalez 's family . Meantime , the possibility of a meeting between Attorney General Janet Reno and Lazaro Gonzalez 's family reemerged Thursday . Reno agreed to a meeting earlier this week , only to have Lazaro Gonzalez 's family withdraw the request . Later Thursday , two of Elian 's Miami cousins sought support on Capitol Hill for legislation that would help keep the boy in America . ` ` We 're doing what 's in Elian 's best interest . ` ` He wanted to reunite with his son -- but not in Cuba , ' ' Cid said . She said she and other family members had spoken to Elian 's father by phone both before and after the mother  perished . A group of Florida lawmakers introduced legislation this month to grant Elian American citizenship , which would take the decision about Elian 's future away from INS and give it to a Florida family court . Support for the bill has been waning . A Justice official , who requested anonymity , said the department has authority , if necessary , to shift temporary custody to someone other than Lazaro Gonzalez . The Immigration and Naturalization Service has ruled in favor of the father 's request that the boy be returned to him in Cuba , but that decision was put on hold while the Miami relatives battle in federal court to keep him in this country . ' He said Elian was ` ` surrounded by two drunks . ' 	answer: negative
event: she praying for his death starts before Margalit Har - Shefi , 22 , pleaded innocent to charges that she failed to report Yigal Amir 's plan to kill Rabin story: Taking the stand in her own defense , a friend of Yitzhak Rabin 's assassin said Friday that she regretted calling the prime minister a traitor and  praying for his death . Margalit Har - Shefi , 22 , has  pleaded innocent to charges that she failed to report Yigal Amir 's plan to kill Rabin . Newspaper reports have said Amir was infatuated with Har - Shefi and may have been trying to impress her by killing the prime minister . Har - Shefi acknowledged she told police interrogators that Rabin was a traitor and that she prayed for him to have a heart attack and die . She said Rabin 's murder was ` ` a black stain on Israel , ' ' Israel radio and Israel army radio reported . Har - Shefi said she heard Amir talk about killing Rabin but did not tell the police because she did not believe he was serious . Instead , she turned to her community rabbi in the Jewish West Bank settlement of Beit El and told him about Amir 's statements . The rabbi said called the talk about killing Rabin ` ` nonsense , ' ' and said Jews are prohibited from killing one another , the radio reports said . Har - Shefi described Amir as an ` ` original thinker , ' ' as well as delusional and a liar . She also denied accusations made by Amir 's brother , Hagai , that she joined an anti - Arab underground movement . She said she gave the Amir brothers false information regarding the location of a weapons and ammunition cache when they asked her to help organize such a movement . 	answer: positive
event: she praying for his death starts after Margalit Har - Shefi , 22 , pleaded innocent to charges that she failed to report Yigal Amir 's plan to kill Rabin story: Taking the stand in her own defense , a friend of Yitzhak Rabin 's assassin said Friday that she regretted calling the prime minister a traitor and  praying for his death . Margalit Har - Shefi , 22 , has  pleaded innocent to charges that she failed to report Yigal Amir 's plan to kill Rabin . Newspaper reports have said Amir was infatuated with Har - Shefi and may have been trying to impress her by killing the prime minister . Har - Shefi acknowledged she told police interrogators that Rabin was a traitor and that she prayed for him to have a heart attack and die . She said Rabin 's murder was ` ` a black stain on Israel , ' ' Israel radio and Israel army radio reported . Har - Shefi said she heard Amir talk about killing Rabin but did not tell the police because she did not believe he was serious . Instead , she turned to her community rabbi in the Jewish West Bank settlement of Beit El and told him about Amir 's statements . The rabbi said called the talk about killing Rabin ` ` nonsense , ' ' and said Jews are prohibited from killing one another , the radio reports said . Har - Shefi described Amir as an ` ` original thinker , ' ' as well as delusional and a liar . She also denied accusations made by Amir 's brother , Hagai , that she joined an anti - Arab underground movement . She said she gave the Amir brothers false information regarding the location of a weapons and ammunition cache when they asked her to help organize such a movement . 	answer: negative
event: One GOP source reporting on a call from the chief of staff to a Republican leader said Sununu lamented that " the noose is tightening around my neck , and I need your help starts before The source said the younger Bush " sketched out for Sununu " problems the president is encountering because of the chief of staff 's tenure story: Sununu was told Wednesday by Bush 's son , George , that he had alienated members of the Cabinet , the White House staff and the Republican political community , creating a situation that puts his effectiveness in significant doubt , the sources said . The message to the chief of staff was meant to be taken as a suggestion that Sununu offer to resign , one highly placed source said . Instead , Sununu sought to prove to the president that his supporters outnumber his critics and that he should remain in his post . One GOP source , reporting on a call from the chief of staff to a Republican leader ,  said Sununu lamented that " the noose is tightening around my neck , and I need your help . " Another highly placed source said the president 's son met with Sununu last week after holding a series of conversations about the structure of the White House staff and of the campaign with other Bush loyalists and GOP activists . The source  said the younger Bush " sketched out for Sununu " problems the president is encountering because of the chief of staff 's tenure . " He was told ... the handwriting was on the wall , " the source said Monday . That , the source said , was when Sununu started calling congressional Republicans and asking them to tell Bush that the conservative wing of the party , in particular , would object if he were fired . Officials said the president himself met with Sununu Sunday . A source said the outcome of that session was unclear . 	answer: positive
event: One GOP source reporting on a call from the chief of staff to a Republican leader said Sununu lamented that " the noose is tightening around my neck , and I need your help starts after The source said the younger Bush " sketched out for Sununu " problems the president is encountering because of the chief of staff 's tenure story: Sununu was told Wednesday by Bush 's son , George , that he had alienated members of the Cabinet , the White House staff and the Republican political community , creating a situation that puts his effectiveness in significant doubt , the sources said . The message to the chief of staff was meant to be taken as a suggestion that Sununu offer to resign , one highly placed source said . Instead , Sununu sought to prove to the president that his supporters outnumber his critics and that he should remain in his post . One GOP source , reporting on a call from the chief of staff to a Republican leader ,  said Sununu lamented that " the noose is tightening around my neck , and I need your help . " Another highly placed source said the president 's son met with Sununu last week after holding a series of conversations about the structure of the White House staff and of the campaign with other Bush loyalists and GOP activists . The source  said the younger Bush " sketched out for Sununu " problems the president is encountering because of the chief of staff 's tenure . " He was told ... the handwriting was on the wall , " the source said Monday . That , the source said , was when Sununu started calling congressional Republicans and asking them to tell Bush that the conservative wing of the party , in particular , would object if he were fired . Officials said the president himself met with Sununu Sunday . A source said the outcome of that session was unclear . 	answer: negative
event: increasing competitive pressures starts before higher raw material and employment costs which resulted from the company 's new labor pact effective June 1 story: " Bethlehem , the nation 's second largest steelmaker , earned $ 46.9 million , or 54 cents a share . In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Bethlehem shares rose 50 cents to $ 17.375 . Of all the major steelmakers , Bethlehem would seem to be the most vulnerable to a slowdown . It has n't diversified beyond steel , nor has it linked up with a joint venture partner to share costs and risks . At the same time , production costs , compared with a year ago , were boosted by higher raw material and employment costs , which  resulted from the company 's new labor pact effective June 1 . He noted , however , that the company 's order entry has increased from the low levels of the early summer , following the end of labor negotiations . Sales dropped to $ 441.1 million from $ 820.4 million , because the company no longer consolidates its Eastern Steel division , which is now a joint venture with Moreover , the company said higher sales and shipments to service centers from its Armco Steel Co. joint venture failed to offset weakness in the automotive market , higher production costs and a poorer product mix . Sales increased in the quarter ended Sept. 30 to $ 747.8 million from $ 623.5 million a year ago . However , its equity in the net income of National Steel declined to $ 6.3 million from $ 10.9 million as a result of softer demand and lost orders following prolonged labor talks and a threatened strike . 	answer: positive
event: increasing competitive pressures starts after higher raw material and employment costs which resulted from the company 's new labor pact effective June 1 story: " Bethlehem , the nation 's second largest steelmaker , earned $ 46.9 million , or 54 cents a share . In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Bethlehem shares rose 50 cents to $ 17.375 . Of all the major steelmakers , Bethlehem would seem to be the most vulnerable to a slowdown . It has n't diversified beyond steel , nor has it linked up with a joint venture partner to share costs and risks . At the same time , production costs , compared with a year ago , were boosted by higher raw material and employment costs , which  resulted from the company 's new labor pact effective June 1 . He noted , however , that the company 's order entry has increased from the low levels of the early summer , following the end of labor negotiations . Sales dropped to $ 441.1 million from $ 820.4 million , because the company no longer consolidates its Eastern Steel division , which is now a joint venture with Moreover , the company said higher sales and shipments to service centers from its Armco Steel Co. joint venture failed to offset weakness in the automotive market , higher production costs and a poorer product mix . Sales increased in the quarter ended Sept. 30 to $ 747.8 million from $ 623.5 million a year ago . However , its equity in the net income of National Steel declined to $ 6.3 million from $ 10.9 million as a result of softer demand and lost orders following prolonged labor talks and a threatened strike . 	answer: negative
event: a New York Times / CBS News poll completed on Saturday starts after In a New York Times / CBS News poll completed on Saturday only 19 percent knew that he opposed abortion rights story: Even before the killing , Schumer was tyring to draw more attention to the anti - abortion record of his opponent , Senator Alfonse D'Amato , a Republican who is also running on the Right to Life Party line . In a New York Times / CBS News poll  completed on Saturday , 69 percent of those polled said they did not know D'Amato 's position on abortion , and only 19 percent  knew that he opposed abortion rights . ` ` It 's incredibly sincere and powerful and it would have been regardless , ' ' she said . David Eichenbaum , a Democratic political consultant who is not working for anyone in this year 's campaign , said abortion ` ` is no longer the driving issue it once was , at least on the pro - choice side . ' ' A federal judge removed Vacco , then the U.S. attorney for western New York , from the case . Vacco 's campaign manager , Matt Behrmann , said in a statement that Spitzer had ` ` sunk to a new and despicable low by attempting to capitalize on the murder of a physician in order to garner votes . ' ' ` ` It 's possible that New York politics has never seen anything as crass as Eliot Spitzer 's willingness to exploit the unfortunate murder of Slepian as a steppingstone for his own political ambitions , ' ' Berhrmann said . Several consultants agreed that there might be political hay to be made in Slepian 's death but that it had to be done carefully . 	answer: positive
event: a New York Times / CBS News poll completed on Saturday starts before In a New York Times / CBS News poll completed on Saturday only 19 percent knew that he opposed abortion rights story: Even before the killing , Schumer was tyring to draw more attention to the anti - abortion record of his opponent , Senator Alfonse D'Amato , a Republican who is also running on the Right to Life Party line . In a New York Times / CBS News poll  completed on Saturday , 69 percent of those polled said they did not know D'Amato 's position on abortion , and only 19 percent  knew that he opposed abortion rights . ` ` It 's incredibly sincere and powerful and it would have been regardless , ' ' she said . David Eichenbaum , a Democratic political consultant who is not working for anyone in this year 's campaign , said abortion ` ` is no longer the driving issue it once was , at least on the pro - choice side . ' ' A federal judge removed Vacco , then the U.S. attorney for western New York , from the case . Vacco 's campaign manager , Matt Behrmann , said in a statement that Spitzer had ` ` sunk to a new and despicable low by attempting to capitalize on the murder of a physician in order to garner votes . ' ' ` ` It 's possible that New York politics has never seen anything as crass as Eliot Spitzer 's willingness to exploit the unfortunate murder of Slepian as a steppingstone for his own political ambitions , ' ' Berhrmann said . Several consultants agreed that there might be political hay to be made in Slepian 's death but that it had to be done carefully . 	answer: negative
event: they becoming more positive starts before Attitudes { toward being acquired } are still negative , but they 're becoming more positive Mr. Murasawa said story: " The myths that Japan is not open to concerns from outside has , I think , been demolished at a stroke , " Mr. Nadir said . It expects to post a loss of 6.4 billion yen for the year ending tomorrow and its liabilities currently exceed its assets by about 13.8 billion yen . If the strong yen and the high stock prices of Japanese companies were n't deterrents enough , webs of cross - shareholdings between friendly Japanese companies and fiercely independent Japanese corporate attitudes repel most would - be acquirers . As the yen soared in recent years , Sansui 's deepening financial problems became a vicious circle . While competitors moved production offshore in response to the sagging competitiveness of Japanese factories , Sansui lacked the money to build new plants in Southeast Asia . " " In some industries , like pharmaceuticals , acquisitions make sense . " Sansui , he said , is a perfect fit for Polly Peck 's electronics operations , which make televisions , videocassette recorders , microwaves and other products on an " original equipment maker " basis for sale under other companies ' brand names . He said Polly Peck will greatly expand Sansui 's product line , using Sansui 's engineers to design the new products , and will move Sansui 's production of most products other than sophisticated audio gear offshore into Polly Peck 's own factories . He took Polly Peck , once a small fabric wholesaler , and used it at as a base to build a conglomerate that has been doubling its profits annually since 1980 . 	answer: positive
event: they becoming more positive starts after Attitudes { toward being acquired } are still negative , but they 're becoming more positive Mr. Murasawa said story: " The myths that Japan is not open to concerns from outside has , I think , been demolished at a stroke , " Mr. Nadir said . It expects to post a loss of 6.4 billion yen for the year ending tomorrow and its liabilities currently exceed its assets by about 13.8 billion yen . If the strong yen and the high stock prices of Japanese companies were n't deterrents enough , webs of cross - shareholdings between friendly Japanese companies and fiercely independent Japanese corporate attitudes repel most would - be acquirers . As the yen soared in recent years , Sansui 's deepening financial problems became a vicious circle . While competitors moved production offshore in response to the sagging competitiveness of Japanese factories , Sansui lacked the money to build new plants in Southeast Asia . " " In some industries , like pharmaceuticals , acquisitions make sense . " Sansui , he said , is a perfect fit for Polly Peck 's electronics operations , which make televisions , videocassette recorders , microwaves and other products on an " original equipment maker " basis for sale under other companies ' brand names . He said Polly Peck will greatly expand Sansui 's product line , using Sansui 's engineers to design the new products , and will move Sansui 's production of most products other than sophisticated audio gear offshore into Polly Peck 's own factories . He took Polly Peck , once a small fabric wholesaler , and used it at as a base to build a conglomerate that has been doubling its profits annually since 1980 . 	answer: negative
event: been our manifest destiny to rejoin those with whom we share the same values , interests and goals starts before Similarly It has been our manifest destiny to rejoin those with whom we share the same values , interests and goals he said story: INDEPENDENCE , In Poland , Hungary and the Czech Republic , the moment was marked by small - scale public celebrations . In Warsaw , Poland , after dark , as fireworks lit the sky , the Polish flag and the flag of NATO were raised side by side near the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier in Pilsudski Square The enlargement of NATO from 16 members to 19 has been one of the administration 's foremost foreign policy goals , one that grew out of a desire , its proponents said , to cement the democratic gains made in the former Warsaw Pact countries after the collapse of communism 10 years ago . As of Friday , the border between Western Europe and the former Soviet Union moved to the eastern border of Poland . ` ` We must be clear in explaining that a settlement without NATO - led enforcement is not acceptable because only NATO has the credibility and capability to make it work , ' ' she said . It was the spiritual homecoming to the West that all three foreign ministers stressed . Geremek said . ` ` For the people of Poland , high noon comes today . ' ' The location for Friday 's ceremony was chosen by Albright , who as secretary of state is the depository of NATO 's accession accords . On April 4 , 1949 , on behalf of the United States , Truman 's secretary of state , Dean Acheson , signed the Washington Treaty , which created NATO . One problem was how to deal with the Russians , who vacillated between outright hostility and accepting what looked like the inevitable . Then Martonyi replied : ` ` Silence is your answer . ' ' 	answer: positive
event: been our manifest destiny to rejoin those with whom we share the same values , interests and goals starts after Similarly It has been our manifest destiny to rejoin those with whom we share the same values , interests and goals he said story: INDEPENDENCE , In Poland , Hungary and the Czech Republic , the moment was marked by small - scale public celebrations . In Warsaw , Poland , after dark , as fireworks lit the sky , the Polish flag and the flag of NATO were raised side by side near the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier in Pilsudski Square The enlargement of NATO from 16 members to 19 has been one of the administration 's foremost foreign policy goals , one that grew out of a desire , its proponents said , to cement the democratic gains made in the former Warsaw Pact countries after the collapse of communism 10 years ago . As of Friday , the border between Western Europe and the former Soviet Union moved to the eastern border of Poland . ` ` We must be clear in explaining that a settlement without NATO - led enforcement is not acceptable because only NATO has the credibility and capability to make it work , ' ' she said . It was the spiritual homecoming to the West that all three foreign ministers stressed . Geremek said . ` ` For the people of Poland , high noon comes today . ' ' The location for Friday 's ceremony was chosen by Albright , who as secretary of state is the depository of NATO 's accession accords . On April 4 , 1949 , on behalf of the United States , Truman 's secretary of state , Dean Acheson , signed the Washington Treaty , which created NATO . One problem was how to deal with the Russians , who vacillated between outright hostility and accepting what looked like the inevitable . Then Martonyi replied : ` ` Silence is your answer . ' ' 	answer: negative
event: Qantas ' India manager Khursheed Lam said the airline was working closely with the Australian Tourist Commission to develop greater awareness of Australia in the Indian market starts after the airline working closely with the Australian Tourist Commission to develop greater awareness of Australia in the Indian market story: CANBERRA , Australia ( AP ) _ Qantas will almost double its flights between Australia and India by August in the search for new markets untouched by the crippling Asian financial crisis . This move comes barely a month after Qantas suspended a number of services between Australia , Indonesia , Thailand and Malaysia in the wake of the Asian economic crisis . The airline has also cut all flights to South Korea . Qantas plans daily flights between Sydney and Bombay , up from the current four flights a week , to boost business and tourism ties with India , the airline announced Friday . In a joint statement with Tourism Minister Andrew Thomson , it said two new flights would leave Bombay on Monday and Tuesday nights from March 30 , with the third departing each Thursday from August 6 . This will add nearly 700 seats a week on the route . Thomson , in India to talk to tourism leaders , said the flights would provide extra support to the growing tourism market . Qantas ' India manager Khursheed Lam  said the airline was  working closely with the Australian Tourist Commission to develop greater awareness of Australia in the Indian market . Qantas will also appoint a Bombay - based public relations consultant . 	answer: positive
event: Qantas ' India manager Khursheed Lam said the airline was working closely with the Australian Tourist Commission to develop greater awareness of Australia in the Indian market starts before the airline working closely with the Australian Tourist Commission to develop greater awareness of Australia in the Indian market story: CANBERRA , Australia ( AP ) _ Qantas will almost double its flights between Australia and India by August in the search for new markets untouched by the crippling Asian financial crisis . This move comes barely a month after Qantas suspended a number of services between Australia , Indonesia , Thailand and Malaysia in the wake of the Asian economic crisis . The airline has also cut all flights to South Korea . Qantas plans daily flights between Sydney and Bombay , up from the current four flights a week , to boost business and tourism ties with India , the airline announced Friday . In a joint statement with Tourism Minister Andrew Thomson , it said two new flights would leave Bombay on Monday and Tuesday nights from March 30 , with the third departing each Thursday from August 6 . This will add nearly 700 seats a week on the route . Thomson , in India to talk to tourism leaders , said the flights would provide extra support to the growing tourism market . Qantas ' India manager Khursheed Lam  said the airline was  working closely with the Australian Tourist Commission to develop greater awareness of Australia in the Indian market . Qantas will also appoint a Bombay - based public relations consultant . 	answer: negative
event: In fiscal 1989 Elco earned $ 7.8 million , or $ 1.65 a share starts before The company 's stock fell $ 1.125 to $ 13.625 in over - the - counter trading yesterday story: Elco Industries Inc. said it expects net income in the year ending June 30 , 1990 , to fall below a recent analyst 's estimate of $ 1.65 a share . The Rockford , Ill. , maker of fasteners also said it expects to post sales in the current fiscal year that are " slightly above " fiscal 1989 sales of $ 155 million . The company said its industrial unit continues to face margin pressures and lower demand . In fiscal 1989 , Elco  earned $ 7.8 million , or $ 1.65 a share . The company 's stock  fell $ 1.125 to $ 13.625 in over - the - counter trading yesterday . 	answer: positive
event: In fiscal 1989 Elco earned $ 7.8 million , or $ 1.65 a share starts after The company 's stock fell $ 1.125 to $ 13.625 in over - the - counter trading yesterday story: Elco Industries Inc. said it expects net income in the year ending June 30 , 1990 , to fall below a recent analyst 's estimate of $ 1.65 a share . The Rockford , Ill. , maker of fasteners also said it expects to post sales in the current fiscal year that are " slightly above " fiscal 1989 sales of $ 155 million . The company said its industrial unit continues to face margin pressures and lower demand . In fiscal 1989 , Elco  earned $ 7.8 million , or $ 1.65 a share . The company 's stock  fell $ 1.125 to $ 13.625 in over - the - counter trading yesterday . 	answer: negative
event: Italian chemical giant Montedison S.p . A. through its Montedison Acquisition N.V. indirect unit began its $ 37-a - share tender offer for all the common shares outstanding of Erbamont N.V. , a maker of pharmaceuticals incorporated in the Netherlands starts before The offer advertised in today 's editions of The Wall Street Journal story: Italian chemical giant Montedison S.p . A. , through its Montedison Acquisition N.V. indirect unit ,  began its $ 37-a - share tender offer for all the common shares outstanding of Erbamont N.V. , a maker of pharmaceuticals incorporated in the Netherlands . The offer ,  advertised in today 's editions of The Wall Street Journal , is scheduled to expire at the the end of November . Montedison currently owns about 72 % of Erbamont 's common shares outstanding . The offer is being launched pursuant to a previously announced agreement between the companies . 	answer: positive
event: Italian chemical giant Montedison S.p . A. through its Montedison Acquisition N.V. indirect unit began its $ 37-a - share tender offer for all the common shares outstanding of Erbamont N.V. , a maker of pharmaceuticals incorporated in the Netherlands starts after The offer advertised in today 's editions of The Wall Street Journal story: Italian chemical giant Montedison S.p . A. , through its Montedison Acquisition N.V. indirect unit ,  began its $ 37-a - share tender offer for all the common shares outstanding of Erbamont N.V. , a maker of pharmaceuticals incorporated in the Netherlands . The offer ,  advertised in today 's editions of The Wall Street Journal , is scheduled to expire at the the end of November . Montedison currently owns about 72 % of Erbamont 's common shares outstanding . The offer is being launched pursuant to a previously announced agreement between the companies . 	answer: negative
event: It allows us to spread his name far and wide across Canada and say that he is wanted for attempted murder starts after Kopp , who is from Vermont , indicted last year in the October 1998 shooting death of Dr. Barnet Slepian , an obstetrician in Buffalo , New York story: HAMILTON ( AP ) -- Canadian authorities issued a nationwide arrest warrant Monday for James Charles Kopp , a U.S. fugitive on the FBI 's most wanted list for an alleged anti - abortion murder . Kopp also is wanted for questioning in at least two other shootings of doctors who performed abortions . ` ` It  allows us to spread his name far and wide across Canada and say that he is wanted for attempted murder , ' ' said police Inspector Dave Bowen . Kopp , who is from Vermont , was  indicted last year in the October 1998 shooting death of Dr. Barnet Slepian , an obstetrician in Buffalo , New York . He also is wanted in connection with the shooting of doctors in Winnipeg , Vancouver and Rochester , New York . Slepian was killed by a single gunshot fired from a wooded area through a window of his home . Kopp purports to be a devout Roman Catholic , and the majority of jobs he has held over the past 20 years have been related to the anti - abortion movement , the U.S. Justice Department said last year . He has been arrested more than a dozen times during abortion protests in seven states and Italy . The FBI says Kopp has used 29 aliases . He was the 456th person to be placed on the FBI 's most wanted list , which began in 1950 . Since then , 427 fugitives have been taken into custody or located , 133 of them as a result of citizen assistance , the FBI said . A total of $ 650,000 is being offered in the United States for information leading to Kopp 's arrest . 	answer: positive
event: It allows us to spread his name far and wide across Canada and say that he is wanted for attempted murder starts before Kopp , who is from Vermont , indicted last year in the October 1998 shooting death of Dr. Barnet Slepian , an obstetrician in Buffalo , New York story: HAMILTON ( AP ) -- Canadian authorities issued a nationwide arrest warrant Monday for James Charles Kopp , a U.S. fugitive on the FBI 's most wanted list for an alleged anti - abortion murder . Kopp also is wanted for questioning in at least two other shootings of doctors who performed abortions . ` ` It  allows us to spread his name far and wide across Canada and say that he is wanted for attempted murder , ' ' said police Inspector Dave Bowen . Kopp , who is from Vermont , was  indicted last year in the October 1998 shooting death of Dr. Barnet Slepian , an obstetrician in Buffalo , New York . He also is wanted in connection with the shooting of doctors in Winnipeg , Vancouver and Rochester , New York . Slepian was killed by a single gunshot fired from a wooded area through a window of his home . Kopp purports to be a devout Roman Catholic , and the majority of jobs he has held over the past 20 years have been related to the anti - abortion movement , the U.S. Justice Department said last year . He has been arrested more than a dozen times during abortion protests in seven states and Italy . The FBI says Kopp has used 29 aliases . He was the 456th person to be placed on the FBI 's most wanted list , which began in 1950 . Since then , 427 fugitives have been taken into custody or located , 133 of them as a result of citizen assistance , the FBI said . A total of $ 650,000 is being offered in the United States for information leading to Kopp 's arrest . 	answer: negative
event: custody reverting to the sole surviving parent in such cases starts before Meissner said Wednesday adding that ` ` the unique relationship between parent and child and family reunification has long been a cornerstone of both American immigration law and INS practice story: The New York Times says in an editorial on Thursday , Jan. 6 : & amp;QL ; The U.S. Immigration and Naturalization Service made a reasonable decision Wednesday in ruling that Elian Gonzalez , the 6-year - old boy who survived an ill - fated migrant smuggling trip across the Florida Straits , should be reunited with his father back in Cuba . The decision will inflame anti - Castro Cubans in Miami , but Doris Meissner , the INS commissioner , made it clear that the service had followed established policy in the case . Ten of those on board died , including his mother and stepfather . The boy clung to an inner tube for two days and was plucked from the Atlantic on Thanksgiving Day and brought ashore . He was immediately released into the custody of relatives in Miami _ and just as quickly embraced as a pawn in the poisonous estrangement between Fidel Castro 's regime and its opponents in exile . This page has argued from the start that Elian not be denied due process because of his youth , and the INS appears to have moved carefully . The boy 's divorced father , Juan Miguel Gonzalez , was also interviewed and satisfied the agency that he had a close and involved relationship with his son . The mother 's parents also argued for a return to Cuba . The INS decided that under their prevailing policies , Gonzalez met the test that calls for custody  reverting to the sole surviving parent in such cases . ' The White House quickly announced support for the decision . Elian 's relatives in Miami have indicated they plan to appeal , as is their right . 	answer: positive
event: custody reverting to the sole surviving parent in such cases starts after Meissner said Wednesday adding that ` ` the unique relationship between parent and child and family reunification has long been a cornerstone of both American immigration law and INS practice story: The New York Times says in an editorial on Thursday , Jan. 6 : & amp;QL ; The U.S. Immigration and Naturalization Service made a reasonable decision Wednesday in ruling that Elian Gonzalez , the 6-year - old boy who survived an ill - fated migrant smuggling trip across the Florida Straits , should be reunited with his father back in Cuba . The decision will inflame anti - Castro Cubans in Miami , but Doris Meissner , the INS commissioner , made it clear that the service had followed established policy in the case . Ten of those on board died , including his mother and stepfather . The boy clung to an inner tube for two days and was plucked from the Atlantic on Thanksgiving Day and brought ashore . He was immediately released into the custody of relatives in Miami _ and just as quickly embraced as a pawn in the poisonous estrangement between Fidel Castro 's regime and its opponents in exile . This page has argued from the start that Elian not be denied due process because of his youth , and the INS appears to have moved carefully . The boy 's divorced father , Juan Miguel Gonzalez , was also interviewed and satisfied the agency that he had a close and involved relationship with his son . The mother 's parents also argued for a return to Cuba . The INS decided that under their prevailing policies , Gonzalez met the test that calls for custody  reverting to the sole surviving parent in such cases . ' The White House quickly announced support for the decision . Elian 's relatives in Miami have indicated they plan to appeal , as is their right . 	answer: negative
event: Kavan said the Czech Republic would no longer become " the powerless victim of a foreign invasion starts before Martonyi called Hunragy 's admission in NATO " returning to her natural habitat saying : " It has been our manifest destiny to rejoin those with whom we share the same values , interests and goals story: WASHINGTON , March 12 ( Xinhua ) -- Poland , Hungary and the Czech Republic Friday formally joined NATO at a ceremony held in the city of Independence , Missouri . At the Harry Truman Library in Independence , the three foreign ministers of Bronislaw Geremek of Poland , Janos Martonyi of Hungary and Jan Kavan of the Czech Republic signed formal documents of accession . In speeches before the signing ceremony , the ministers said their countries saw NATO membership as an assurance of security and recognition of their rightful place in Europe . Kavan  said the Czech Republic would no longer become " the powerless victim of a foreign invasion . Martonyi  called Hunragy 's admission in NATO " returning to her natural habitat , " saying : " It has been our manifest destiny to rejoin those with whom we share the same values , interests and goals . " " U.S. Secretary of State Madeleine Albright accepted admission papers from the three countries ' foreign ministers , marking their formal entry into the 50-year - old Western alliance . " Hallelujah , " exclaimed Albright , a daughter of Czechoslovakia , who as a child fled her native land and later became a U.S. citizen . Ahead of the ceremony , NATO Secretary - General Javier Solana said that the accession of the three countries ... "is perhaps the clearest demonstration of the fact that Europe is growing closer together . " The U.S. State Department has said the three new members " enhance NATO 's ability to fulfill its core mission of collective defense , respond to a range of security challenges and reduce the possibility of another major conflict in Europe of the kind that has claimed so many American lives . 	answer: positive
event: Kavan said the Czech Republic would no longer become " the powerless victim of a foreign invasion starts after Martonyi called Hunragy 's admission in NATO " returning to her natural habitat saying : " It has been our manifest destiny to rejoin those with whom we share the same values , interests and goals story: WASHINGTON , March 12 ( Xinhua ) -- Poland , Hungary and the Czech Republic Friday formally joined NATO at a ceremony held in the city of Independence , Missouri . At the Harry Truman Library in Independence , the three foreign ministers of Bronislaw Geremek of Poland , Janos Martonyi of Hungary and Jan Kavan of the Czech Republic signed formal documents of accession . In speeches before the signing ceremony , the ministers said their countries saw NATO membership as an assurance of security and recognition of their rightful place in Europe . Kavan  said the Czech Republic would no longer become " the powerless victim of a foreign invasion . Martonyi  called Hunragy 's admission in NATO " returning to her natural habitat , " saying : " It has been our manifest destiny to rejoin those with whom we share the same values , interests and goals . " " U.S. Secretary of State Madeleine Albright accepted admission papers from the three countries ' foreign ministers , marking their formal entry into the 50-year - old Western alliance . " Hallelujah , " exclaimed Albright , a daughter of Czechoslovakia , who as a child fled her native land and later became a U.S. citizen . Ahead of the ceremony , NATO Secretary - General Javier Solana said that the accession of the three countries ... "is perhaps the clearest demonstration of the fact that Europe is growing closer together . " The U.S. State Department has said the three new members " enhance NATO 's ability to fulfill its core mission of collective defense , respond to a range of security challenges and reduce the possibility of another major conflict in Europe of the kind that has claimed so many American lives . 	answer: negative
event: aides holding their breaths starts before the noose tightening around my neck story: Sununu was told Wednesday by Bush 's son , George , that he had alienated members of the Cabinet , the White House staff and the Republican political community , creating a situation that puts his effectiveness in significant doubt , the sources said . The message to the chief of staff was meant to be taken as a suggestion that Sununu offer to resign , one highly placed source said . Instead , Sununu sought to prove to the president that his supporters outnumber his critics and that he should remain in his post . One senior official Monday described the White House as " a collection of small groups of aides  holding their breaths , " waiting to see whether Sununu survives . One GOP source , reporting on a call from the chief of staff to a Republican leader , said Sununu lamented that " the noose is  tightening around my neck , and I need your help . " Another highly placed source said the president 's son met with Sununu last week after holding a series of conversations about the structure of the White House staff and of the campaign with other Bush loyalists and GOP activists . The source said the younger Bush " sketched out for Sununu " problems the president is encountering because of the chief of staff 's tenure . " That , the source said , was when Sununu started calling congressional Republicans and asking them to tell Bush that the conservative wing of the party , in particular , would object if he were fired . 	answer: positive
event: aides holding their breaths starts after the noose tightening around my neck story: Sununu was told Wednesday by Bush 's son , George , that he had alienated members of the Cabinet , the White House staff and the Republican political community , creating a situation that puts his effectiveness in significant doubt , the sources said . The message to the chief of staff was meant to be taken as a suggestion that Sununu offer to resign , one highly placed source said . Instead , Sununu sought to prove to the president that his supporters outnumber his critics and that he should remain in his post . One senior official Monday described the White House as " a collection of small groups of aides  holding their breaths , " waiting to see whether Sununu survives . One GOP source , reporting on a call from the chief of staff to a Republican leader , said Sununu lamented that " the noose is  tightening around my neck , and I need your help . " Another highly placed source said the president 's son met with Sununu last week after holding a series of conversations about the structure of the White House staff and of the campaign with other Bush loyalists and GOP activists . The source said the younger Bush " sketched out for Sununu " problems the president is encountering because of the chief of staff 's tenure . " That , the source said , was when Sununu started calling congressional Republicans and asking them to tell Bush that the conservative wing of the party , in particular , would object if he were fired . 	answer: negative
event: poems they wrote for Elian , dubbed Cuba 's ` ` boy hero ' ' and ` ` symbolic child starts before Guevara said the boy ` ` has been converted forever into a symbol of the crimes and injustices that imperialism is capable of committing against an innocent story: President Fidel Castro said Friday she had been ` ` practically kidnapped ' ' by the boyfriend who perished along with her on the boat wreck her 6-year - old son survived . Castro 's remarks to a conference of economists were aimed at those who say that Elian should remain in the United States because his mother sacrificed his life to take her to ` ` freedom , ' ' a vision he called a cliche . According to sources quoted by the Miami Herald , Munero had fled to Florida in June 1998 and returned to Cuba later that year , only to be jailed for several months . Guevara and  said the boy ` ` has been converted forever into a symbol of the crimes and injustices that imperialism is capable of committing against an innocent . ' But this year , children wore T - shirts bearing Elian 's portrait with their school uniforms . The commemorations began early Friday morning , as tens of thousands of Cubans marched through Havana 's streets by torchlight . Similar events were held all day in the capital and across the island . Fidel Castro 's government has been using such traditional political events -- along with other rallies almost every day -- to draw attention to the case of Elian , who was rescued Nov. 25 while clinging to an inner tube . His mother and 10 others died at sea while trying to reach the United States . But Elian 's paternal great - uncle in the United States , backed by the anti - Castro Cuban American National Foundation , is fighting in the courts to keep the boy in Miami . ' 	answer: positive
event: poems they wrote for Elian , dubbed Cuba 's ` ` boy hero ' ' and ` ` symbolic child starts after Guevara said the boy ` ` has been converted forever into a symbol of the crimes and injustices that imperialism is capable of committing against an innocent story: President Fidel Castro said Friday she had been ` ` practically kidnapped ' ' by the boyfriend who perished along with her on the boat wreck her 6-year - old son survived . Castro 's remarks to a conference of economists were aimed at those who say that Elian should remain in the United States because his mother sacrificed his life to take her to ` ` freedom , ' ' a vision he called a cliche . According to sources quoted by the Miami Herald , Munero had fled to Florida in June 1998 and returned to Cuba later that year , only to be jailed for several months . Guevara and  said the boy ` ` has been converted forever into a symbol of the crimes and injustices that imperialism is capable of committing against an innocent . ' But this year , children wore T - shirts bearing Elian 's portrait with their school uniforms . The commemorations began early Friday morning , as tens of thousands of Cubans marched through Havana 's streets by torchlight . Similar events were held all day in the capital and across the island . Fidel Castro 's government has been using such traditional political events -- along with other rallies almost every day -- to draw attention to the case of Elian , who was rescued Nov. 25 while clinging to an inner tube . His mother and 10 others died at sea while trying to reach the United States . But Elian 's paternal great - uncle in the United States , backed by the anti - Castro Cuban American National Foundation , is fighting in the courts to keep the boy in Miami . ' 	answer: negative
event: it continues to hold to its earlier - announced goal of a 50 % U.S. market share by the mid-1990s starts after the brewing giant which last year accounted for about 41 % of all U.S. beer sales story: Over the summer , Anheuser competitors offered more and deeper discounts than industry observers have seen for a long time . The St. Louis company said major rivals , Philip Morris Co. 's Miller Brewing unit and Adolph Coors Co. " have been following a policy of continuous and deep discounting for at least the past 18 months " on their premium brands , pricing their product as much as 25 cents a 12-pack below Anheuser 's Budweiser label in many markets . Anheuser said it 's discounting policy basically would involve matching such moves by rivals on a market - by - market basis . Anheuser noted that " beer industry sales volume is 1989 is following the trend that has characterized the last half of the ' 80s , with sales volume being essentially flat " while consolidation creates fewer , bigger players . Anheuser said it  continues to hold to its earlier - announced goal of a 50 % U.S. market share by the mid-1990s . Anheuser is the biggest guy in the bar , and he just decided to join in the barroom brawl , " said Joseph J. Doyle , an analyst with Smith Barney , It 's going to get bloody . Mr. Thompson noted that the disappointing earnings , which fell five cents a share short of his own projections , contributed to the sell - off by an edgy and currently unforgiving investing public . But Smith Barney 's Mr. Doyle , who yesterday trimmed his 1990 Anheuser earnings projection to $ 2.95 a share from $ 3.10 , called the market 's reaction " justified . " Both Coors and Stroh have recently been ceding market share to Miller and Anheuser . 	answer: positive
event: it continues to hold to its earlier - announced goal of a 50 % U.S. market share by the mid-1990s starts before the brewing giant which last year accounted for about 41 % of all U.S. beer sales story: Over the summer , Anheuser competitors offered more and deeper discounts than industry observers have seen for a long time . The St. Louis company said major rivals , Philip Morris Co. 's Miller Brewing unit and Adolph Coors Co. " have been following a policy of continuous and deep discounting for at least the past 18 months " on their premium brands , pricing their product as much as 25 cents a 12-pack below Anheuser 's Budweiser label in many markets . Anheuser said it 's discounting policy basically would involve matching such moves by rivals on a market - by - market basis . Anheuser noted that " beer industry sales volume is 1989 is following the trend that has characterized the last half of the ' 80s , with sales volume being essentially flat " while consolidation creates fewer , bigger players . Anheuser said it  continues to hold to its earlier - announced goal of a 50 % U.S. market share by the mid-1990s . Anheuser is the biggest guy in the bar , and he just decided to join in the barroom brawl , " said Joseph J. Doyle , an analyst with Smith Barney , It 's going to get bloody . Mr. Thompson noted that the disappointing earnings , which fell five cents a share short of his own projections , contributed to the sell - off by an edgy and currently unforgiving investing public . But Smith Barney 's Mr. Doyle , who yesterday trimmed his 1990 Anheuser earnings projection to $ 2.95 a share from $ 3.10 , called the market 's reaction " justified . " Both Coors and Stroh have recently been ceding market share to Miller and Anheuser . 	answer: negative
event: which hurt Delco Electronic 's earnings starts before In addition , GM 's North American vehicle production fell 8.4 % from a year ago , which hurt Delco Electronic 's earnings a company spokesman said story: General Motors Corp. 's big defense and automotive electronics unit , GM Hughes Electronics , said net income fell 22 % in the third quarter , reflecting declining military spending and slumping GM vehicle production . By contrast , Electronic Data Systems Corp. , GM 's data processing subsidiary , boosted net 16 % . Earnings for GM common stock , reflecting the performance of GM 's core automotive operations , will be disclosed this morning . GM Class H , which represents a dividend interest in Hughes earnings , closed at $ 29 , up 25 cents in Big Board composite trading . GM Class E , which represents a dividend interest in EDS profit , fell 75 cents to $ 52.25 on the Big Board . That decline was reflected in revenue for the GM Hughes unit , which edged down to $ 2.58 billion from $ 2.63 billion . GMAC profits are combined with earnings from the rest of GM 's operations and attributed to the company 's traditional common stock . In the first nine months , GMAC 's earnings fell 8 % to $ 859.5 million from $ 930.2 million . In the nine months , EDS earned $ 315.8 million , or $ 2.62 a share , up 13 % from $ 280.7 million , or $ 2.30 a share . Revenue rose 14 % to $ 4.03 billion from $ 3.54 billion . Revenue from non - GM accounts was 45 % of EDS 's total business in the latest nine months , compared with 40 % a year earlier . The company has said it wants to boost non - GM revenue to at least 50 % of its total business by the end of 1990 . 	answer: positive
event: which hurt Delco Electronic 's earnings starts after In addition , GM 's North American vehicle production fell 8.4 % from a year ago , which hurt Delco Electronic 's earnings a company spokesman said story: General Motors Corp. 's big defense and automotive electronics unit , GM Hughes Electronics , said net income fell 22 % in the third quarter , reflecting declining military spending and slumping GM vehicle production . By contrast , Electronic Data Systems Corp. , GM 's data processing subsidiary , boosted net 16 % . Earnings for GM common stock , reflecting the performance of GM 's core automotive operations , will be disclosed this morning . GM Class H , which represents a dividend interest in Hughes earnings , closed at $ 29 , up 25 cents in Big Board composite trading . GM Class E , which represents a dividend interest in EDS profit , fell 75 cents to $ 52.25 on the Big Board . That decline was reflected in revenue for the GM Hughes unit , which edged down to $ 2.58 billion from $ 2.63 billion . GMAC profits are combined with earnings from the rest of GM 's operations and attributed to the company 's traditional common stock . In the first nine months , GMAC 's earnings fell 8 % to $ 859.5 million from $ 930.2 million . In the nine months , EDS earned $ 315.8 million , or $ 2.62 a share , up 13 % from $ 280.7 million , or $ 2.30 a share . Revenue rose 14 % to $ 4.03 billion from $ 3.54 billion . Revenue from non - GM accounts was 45 % of EDS 's total business in the latest nine months , compared with 40 % a year earlier . The company has said it wants to boost non - GM revenue to at least 50 % of its total business by the end of 1990 . 	answer: negative
event: A total of $ 650,000 meanwhile offered for information leading to the arrest of Kopp , who is charged with gunning down Dr. Barnett Slepian last fall in his home in Buffalo starts after N.Y. Slepian provided legal abortions in western New York state story: The Aug. 7 , 1998 , bombings killed more than 200 people , including 12 Americans . : Each wrongly believes he is justified in using all means possible to achieve his goal . They also have in common locations unknown to the authorities . Freeh said Bin Laden may be hiding out in Afghanistan , which has been uncooperative in the case . Kopp purports to be a devout Roman Catholic , and the majority of jobs he has held over the past 20 years have been related to the anti - abortion movement , the Justice Department said in a news release . ' The FBI continues to receive threats from individuals and organizations with ties to Bin Laden , Freeh said . On the FBI list , Bin Laden and Kopp replace two former Libyan intelligence agents charged in the Dec. 21 , 1988 , bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 that killed 259 people on the plane and 11 on the ground in Lockerbie , Scotland . Lamen Khalifa Fhimah and Abdel Basset Ali al - Megrahi are charged with murder , conspiracy to commit murder and violations of international aviation safety laws . Bin Laden and Kopp are the 455th and 456th persons to be placed on the FBI 's most wanted list , which began in 1950 . Six suspects in the Bin Laden investigation are known to be in custody in the Metropolitan Correctional Center in New York . Another suspect is awaiting extradition from Britain . Kopp wears eyeglasses , walks with a slight limp , is 5 feet , 10 inches tall and weighs 150 to 175 pounds . 	answer: positive
event: A total of $ 650,000 meanwhile offered for information leading to the arrest of Kopp , who is charged with gunning down Dr. Barnett Slepian last fall in his home in Buffalo starts before N.Y. Slepian provided legal abortions in western New York state story: The Aug. 7 , 1998 , bombings killed more than 200 people , including 12 Americans . : Each wrongly believes he is justified in using all means possible to achieve his goal . They also have in common locations unknown to the authorities . Freeh said Bin Laden may be hiding out in Afghanistan , which has been uncooperative in the case . Kopp purports to be a devout Roman Catholic , and the majority of jobs he has held over the past 20 years have been related to the anti - abortion movement , the Justice Department said in a news release . ' The FBI continues to receive threats from individuals and organizations with ties to Bin Laden , Freeh said . On the FBI list , Bin Laden and Kopp replace two former Libyan intelligence agents charged in the Dec. 21 , 1988 , bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 that killed 259 people on the plane and 11 on the ground in Lockerbie , Scotland . Lamen Khalifa Fhimah and Abdel Basset Ali al - Megrahi are charged with murder , conspiracy to commit murder and violations of international aviation safety laws . Bin Laden and Kopp are the 455th and 456th persons to be placed on the FBI 's most wanted list , which began in 1950 . Six suspects in the Bin Laden investigation are known to be in custody in the Metropolitan Correctional Center in New York . Another suspect is awaiting extradition from Britain . Kopp wears eyeglasses , walks with a slight limp , is 5 feet , 10 inches tall and weighs 150 to 175 pounds . 	answer: negative
event: The Cape Argus newspaper reported today that a Tanzanian man was arrested , and that authorities were searching for accomplices starts after a Tanzanian man arrested story: CAPE TOWN , South Africa ( AP ) -- Another man has been arrested in connection with the bombings of U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania last year that killed 224 people , police said today . ` ` I can confirm that an individual was arrested in connection with the embassy bombings and the FBI was involved ' ' in making the arrest , police spokesman Capt . Rod Beer said . Beer said he did not know where the man was being held or any more details . The arrest brought to nine the number of people in custody in connection with the bombings . U.S. authorities scheduled a news conference for later today in New York . The Cape Argus newspaper  reported today that a Tanzanian man was  arrested , and that authorities were searching for accomplices . The Argus quoted immigration official Jurie de Wet as saying the arrests stemmed from information about requests for asylum and temporary residence in Cape Town . The U.S. Embassy in Pretoria had no comment . Seventeen people have been indicted in the case . Eight of those are in custody , but the rest remained fugitives , including Saudi radical Osama bin Laden . It was not immediately known if the arrest announced today stemmed from the indictment . Bin Laden , who is accused of masterminding the attack , is on the FBI 's 10 Most Wanted List . A $ 5 million reward has been offered for his capture . The bombs went off almost simultaneously on Aug. 7 , 1998 at U.S. embassies in Nairobi , Kenya and Dar es Salaam , Tanzania . 	answer: positive
event: The Cape Argus newspaper reported today that a Tanzanian man was arrested , and that authorities were searching for accomplices starts before a Tanzanian man arrested story: CAPE TOWN , South Africa ( AP ) -- Another man has been arrested in connection with the bombings of U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania last year that killed 224 people , police said today . ` ` I can confirm that an individual was arrested in connection with the embassy bombings and the FBI was involved ' ' in making the arrest , police spokesman Capt . Rod Beer said . Beer said he did not know where the man was being held or any more details . The arrest brought to nine the number of people in custody in connection with the bombings . U.S. authorities scheduled a news conference for later today in New York . The Cape Argus newspaper  reported today that a Tanzanian man was  arrested , and that authorities were searching for accomplices . The Argus quoted immigration official Jurie de Wet as saying the arrests stemmed from information about requests for asylum and temporary residence in Cape Town . The U.S. Embassy in Pretoria had no comment . Seventeen people have been indicted in the case . Eight of those are in custody , but the rest remained fugitives , including Saudi radical Osama bin Laden . It was not immediately known if the arrest announced today stemmed from the indictment . Bin Laden , who is accused of masterminding the attack , is on the FBI 's 10 Most Wanted List . A $ 5 million reward has been offered for his capture . The bombs went off almost simultaneously on Aug. 7 , 1998 at U.S. embassies in Nairobi , Kenya and Dar es Salaam , Tanzania . 	answer: negative
event: The St. Louis company said major rivals , Philip Morris Co. 's Miller Brewing unit starts after Adolph Coors Co. pricing their product as much as 25 cents a 12-pack below Anheuser 's Budweiser label in many markets story: With the passing of the heady days of swelling industry sales , however , the once - sporadic and brief forays into discounting are becoming standard competitive weapons in the beer industry . Over the summer , Anheuser competitors offered more and deeper discounts than industry observers have seen for a long time . Anheuser said its new strategy -- started in some markets last month and expected to be applied soon in selected markets nationwide -- will mean lower - than - anticipated earnings for the last half of 1989 and for 1990 . The stock closed at $ 38.50 on heavy volume of about 3.5 million shares . Shares of Coors , the company 's sole publicly traded major competitor , fell $ 1.50 apiece to $ 19.125 in national over - the - counter trading , apparently on investor concerns over potential fallout from the coming pricing struggle . " Anheuser is the biggest guy in the bar , and he just decided to join in the barroom brawl , " said Joseph J. Doyle , an analyst with Smith Barney , Harris Upham amp Co. " " Jerry Steinman , publisher of Beer Marketers Insights , a trade newsletter , said Anheuser 's announcement means " everybody else in the industry is going to have a difficult time reaching their profit objectives . According to Mr. Steinman , the newsletter publisher , Anheuser 's market share is nearly twice that of its nearest competitor , Miller Brewing , which had a 21.2 % stake last year . It 's followed by Stroh Brewery Co. , which has agreed to sell its assets to Coors . 	answer: positive
event: The St. Louis company said major rivals , Philip Morris Co. 's Miller Brewing unit starts before Adolph Coors Co. pricing their product as much as 25 cents a 12-pack below Anheuser 's Budweiser label in many markets story: With the passing of the heady days of swelling industry sales , however , the once - sporadic and brief forays into discounting are becoming standard competitive weapons in the beer industry . Over the summer , Anheuser competitors offered more and deeper discounts than industry observers have seen for a long time . Anheuser said its new strategy -- started in some markets last month and expected to be applied soon in selected markets nationwide -- will mean lower - than - anticipated earnings for the last half of 1989 and for 1990 . The stock closed at $ 38.50 on heavy volume of about 3.5 million shares . Shares of Coors , the company 's sole publicly traded major competitor , fell $ 1.50 apiece to $ 19.125 in national over - the - counter trading , apparently on investor concerns over potential fallout from the coming pricing struggle . " Anheuser is the biggest guy in the bar , and he just decided to join in the barroom brawl , " said Joseph J. Doyle , an analyst with Smith Barney , Harris Upham amp Co. " " Jerry Steinman , publisher of Beer Marketers Insights , a trade newsletter , said Anheuser 's announcement means " everybody else in the industry is going to have a difficult time reaching their profit objectives . According to Mr. Steinman , the newsletter publisher , Anheuser 's market share is nearly twice that of its nearest competitor , Miller Brewing , which had a 21.2 % stake last year . It 's followed by Stroh Brewery Co. , which has agreed to sell its assets to Coors . 	answer: negative
event: Moskal said one of the two men starts after which one released story: The two men , Ronald Stauber and Michael Gingrich , were named Thursday in a bulletin sent by the FBI office in Cleveland to police departments across the country . The men were not termed suspects , and FBI officials on Saturday played down the likelihood that either was involved in the Oct. 23 killing of the doctor , Barnett Slepian . ` ` I know of no information that would treat these two differently or would put them in any other category from the hundreds of leads we 're investigating on a daily basis . ' ' Moskal  said one of the two men _ Slepian , 52 , an obstetrician and gynecologist , was shot through the kitchen window of his home in Amherst shortly after he and his wife returned home from synagogue on the night of Friday , Oct. 23 . Investigators in Canada and the United States are also looking into four other sniper attacks on doctors who performed abortions in Canada and western New York . They were trying to attend a prayer vigil for Slepian but had been sent to his house by mistake , and a police officer on duty took their names , Moskal said . ` ` They were being sought for interviews just because they were literally in the area after the homicide , ' ' he said . Inspector Keith MacCaskill of the Winnipeg Police Service , a Canadian member of a law - enforcement task force investigating all five of the shootings , said he had never heard of the men . ` ` Just the fact that we are interviewing anyone does n't make them a subject or a suspect in this , ' ' he said . 	answer: positive
event: Moskal said one of the two men starts before which one released story: The two men , Ronald Stauber and Michael Gingrich , were named Thursday in a bulletin sent by the FBI office in Cleveland to police departments across the country . The men were not termed suspects , and FBI officials on Saturday played down the likelihood that either was involved in the Oct. 23 killing of the doctor , Barnett Slepian . ` ` I know of no information that would treat these two differently or would put them in any other category from the hundreds of leads we 're investigating on a daily basis . ' ' Moskal  said one of the two men _ Slepian , 52 , an obstetrician and gynecologist , was shot through the kitchen window of his home in Amherst shortly after he and his wife returned home from synagogue on the night of Friday , Oct. 23 . Investigators in Canada and the United States are also looking into four other sniper attacks on doctors who performed abortions in Canada and western New York . They were trying to attend a prayer vigil for Slepian but had been sent to his house by mistake , and a police officer on duty took their names , Moskal said . ` ` They were being sought for interviews just because they were literally in the area after the homicide , ' ' he said . Inspector Keith MacCaskill of the Winnipeg Police Service , a Canadian member of a law - enforcement task force investigating all five of the shootings , said he had never heard of the men . ` ` Just the fact that we are interviewing anyone does n't make them a subject or a suspect in this , ' ' he said . 	answer: negative
event: Presidents Leonid Kuchma of Ukraine and Boris Yeltsin of Russia signed an economic cooperation plan Friday starts after Ukraine ruled from Moscow for centuries story: But while the two Slavic neighbors see themselves as natural partners , their relations since the breakup of the Soviet Union have been bedeviled by a number of disputes _ Black Sea naval bases , border problems and Ukraine 's natural gas debts . However , Russia has stalled ratification , trying to tie it to an agreement that would permit the Russian navy to use a naval base on Ukraine 's Crimean peninsula for at least 20 more years . In their joint statement issued after the talks , Yeltsin and Kuchma called for the fastest possible ratification of the treaty , saying it would create a ` ` strong legal foundation ' ' for bilateral ties and help stability in Europe . Kuchma has said repeatedly that Ukraine would remain neutral for the foreseeable future . Yeltsin and Kuchma also called for developing the stagnant relations between the members of the Commonwealth of Independent States , a loose coalition of former Soviet republics . In the past , Russia has often claimed that Ukraine was undermining efforts at closer cooperation within the CIS . A major goal of Kuchma 's four - day state visit was the signing of a 10-year economic program aimed at doubling the two nations ' trade turnover , which fell to dlrs 14 billion last year , down dlrs 2.5 billion from 1996 . A major project is joint manufacturing of An-70 cargo planes , the Kremlin statement said . Kuchma also planned to visit Russian gas giant Gazprom , most likely to discuss Ukraine 's dlrs 1.2 billion debt to the company . 	answer: positive
event: Presidents Leonid Kuchma of Ukraine and Boris Yeltsin of Russia signed an economic cooperation plan Friday starts before Ukraine ruled from Moscow for centuries story: But while the two Slavic neighbors see themselves as natural partners , their relations since the breakup of the Soviet Union have been bedeviled by a number of disputes _ Black Sea naval bases , border problems and Ukraine 's natural gas debts . However , Russia has stalled ratification , trying to tie it to an agreement that would permit the Russian navy to use a naval base on Ukraine 's Crimean peninsula for at least 20 more years . In their joint statement issued after the talks , Yeltsin and Kuchma called for the fastest possible ratification of the treaty , saying it would create a ` ` strong legal foundation ' ' for bilateral ties and help stability in Europe . Kuchma has said repeatedly that Ukraine would remain neutral for the foreseeable future . Yeltsin and Kuchma also called for developing the stagnant relations between the members of the Commonwealth of Independent States , a loose coalition of former Soviet republics . In the past , Russia has often claimed that Ukraine was undermining efforts at closer cooperation within the CIS . A major goal of Kuchma 's four - day state visit was the signing of a 10-year economic program aimed at doubling the two nations ' trade turnover , which fell to dlrs 14 billion last year , down dlrs 2.5 billion from 1996 . A major project is joint manufacturing of An-70 cargo planes , the Kremlin statement said . Kuchma also planned to visit Russian gas giant Gazprom , most likely to discuss Ukraine 's dlrs 1.2 billion debt to the company . 	answer: negative
event: London share prices closed sharply lower Friday in active trading after Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson 's resignation slapped the market and Wall Street 's rapid initial sell - off knocked it down starts after Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson 's resignation slapped the market story: London share prices  closed sharply lower Friday in active trading after Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson 's resignation  slapped the market and Wall Street 's rapid initial sell - off knocked it down . New York stocks recovered some of their losses after the London market closed . The 30-share index settled 42.0 points lower at 1678.5 . Volume was 840.8 million shares , up from 443.6 million Thursday and the week 's most active session . Other dealers added that the blue - chip stocks in general were hit by profit - taking over concerns that London shares will continue posting declines and the uncertainty over sterling given that Mr. Lawson 's successor , John Major , had only been in the job one day . Fund managers said Friday 's profittaking was a natural result of the week 's " abnormal fever " in buying real estate , shipbuilding , steel and construction shares . Traders said the continued turbulence in other markets , coupled with the drop in London following the Lawson resignation , were responsible . Traders said that selling pressure was n't enormous and that the DAX dropped Friday more on a lack of any substantial buying interest . " " If you take away the outside influences , the market itself looks very cheap . That 's leaving small investors with cold feet , they said , and prompting institutions to take a reserved stance on the sidelines as well , at least until the market in New York settles down somewhat . To make them directly comparable , each index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100 . 	answer: positive
event: London share prices closed sharply lower Friday in active trading after Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson 's resignation slapped the market and Wall Street 's rapid initial sell - off knocked it down starts before Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson 's resignation slapped the market story: London share prices  closed sharply lower Friday in active trading after Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson 's resignation  slapped the market and Wall Street 's rapid initial sell - off knocked it down . New York stocks recovered some of their losses after the London market closed . The 30-share index settled 42.0 points lower at 1678.5 . Volume was 840.8 million shares , up from 443.6 million Thursday and the week 's most active session . Other dealers added that the blue - chip stocks in general were hit by profit - taking over concerns that London shares will continue posting declines and the uncertainty over sterling given that Mr. Lawson 's successor , John Major , had only been in the job one day . Fund managers said Friday 's profittaking was a natural result of the week 's " abnormal fever " in buying real estate , shipbuilding , steel and construction shares . Traders said the continued turbulence in other markets , coupled with the drop in London following the Lawson resignation , were responsible . Traders said that selling pressure was n't enormous and that the DAX dropped Friday more on a lack of any substantial buying interest . " " If you take away the outside influences , the market itself looks very cheap . That 's leaving small investors with cold feet , they said , and prompting institutions to take a reserved stance on the sidelines as well , at least until the market in New York settles down somewhat . To make them directly comparable , each index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100 . 	answer: negative
event: Cuban exiles in Miami will now proceed with all their resources to impede or delay ' ' the decision by the Immigration and Naturalization Service starts before the boy comes home story: HAVANA ( AP ) -- While an important step , the U.S. government decision to return 6-year - old Elian Gonzalez to Cuba does not guarantee that the boy will be repatriated , the communist leadership warned . ` ` Nothing is certain concerning his return to Cuba , ' ' said a government communique , read Wednesday night at a pro - Elian rally attended by President Fidel Castro . Cuban exiles in Miami will now ` `  proceed with all their resources to impede or delay ' ' the decision by the Immigration and Naturalization Service . The government exhorted citizens to keep up mass protests pressing for Elian 's return until the boy  comes home . The struggle must not stop for one minute ! ' ' said the message , read during the rally of several thousand Cuban scientists by Hassan Perez , president of the government 's University Students Federation . Found clinging to an inner tube off the coast of Florida in late November , Elian has been the subject of an international custody battle . His mother died trying to get Elian and herself to the United States . The boy 's father , Juan Miguel Gonzalez , lives in Cuba and wants him back . But Elian 's relatives in Miami have fought to keep the boy permanently , saying they could provide him with a better life than he would have on the communist island . They said they would appeal the decision , announced Wednesday by INS Commissioner Doris Meissner , that Elian must be returned to his father by Jan. 14 . Neither he nor Elian 's four grandparents could be located Wednesday in their hometown of Cardenas , east of Havana . 	answer: positive
event: Cuban exiles in Miami will now proceed with all their resources to impede or delay ' ' the decision by the Immigration and Naturalization Service starts after the boy comes home story: HAVANA ( AP ) -- While an important step , the U.S. government decision to return 6-year - old Elian Gonzalez to Cuba does not guarantee that the boy will be repatriated , the communist leadership warned . ` ` Nothing is certain concerning his return to Cuba , ' ' said a government communique , read Wednesday night at a pro - Elian rally attended by President Fidel Castro . Cuban exiles in Miami will now ` `  proceed with all their resources to impede or delay ' ' the decision by the Immigration and Naturalization Service . The government exhorted citizens to keep up mass protests pressing for Elian 's return until the boy  comes home . The struggle must not stop for one minute ! ' ' said the message , read during the rally of several thousand Cuban scientists by Hassan Perez , president of the government 's University Students Federation . Found clinging to an inner tube off the coast of Florida in late November , Elian has been the subject of an international custody battle . His mother died trying to get Elian and herself to the United States . The boy 's father , Juan Miguel Gonzalez , lives in Cuba and wants him back . But Elian 's relatives in Miami have fought to keep the boy permanently , saying they could provide him with a better life than he would have on the communist island . They said they would appeal the decision , announced Wednesday by INS Commissioner Doris Meissner , that Elian must be returned to his father by Jan. 14 . Neither he nor Elian 's four grandparents could be located Wednesday in their hometown of Cardenas , east of Havana . 	answer: negative
event: Bin Laden accused of masterminding the attack starts before A $ 5 million reward offered for his capture story: NEW YORK ( AP ) -- A man whose house was allegedly a bomb factory was arrested in connection with last year 's deadly U.S. Embassy blasts in Kenya and Tanzania and was brought to the United States for trial . The suspect -- Khalfan Khamis Mohamed -- was scheduled to appear before a U.S. magistrate judge in Manhattan at midday , according to a statement today by U.S. Attorney Mary Jo White . The latest arrest brought to nine the number of people in custody in connection with the bombings . White heads a team that is investigating and prosecuting the bombings which killed 224 people , including 12 Americans , on Aug. 7 , 1998 . In Cape Town , South Africa , police spokesman Capt . Rod Beer said the FBI arrested Mohamed at the city 's airport in the early hours of Thursday morning as he was about to be deported for being in the country illegally . The Cape Argus newspaper in Cape Town reported that a search has been launched for accomplices in the region . The U.S. Embassy in Pretoria , South Africa , had no comment . Seventeen people have been indicted in the case . Eight of them are in custody in the United States and one overseas . The rest remained fugitives , including Saudi radical Osama bin Laden . Bin Laden is  accused of masterminding the attack , and is on the FBI 's 10 Most Wanted List . The bombs went off almost simultaneously . The victims in Nairobi , Kenya , numbered 213 , including 12 Americans . Eleven people , none of them Americans , died in the blast in Dar - es - Salaam , Tanzania . 	answer: positive
event: Bin Laden accused of masterminding the attack starts after A $ 5 million reward offered for his capture story: NEW YORK ( AP ) -- A man whose house was allegedly a bomb factory was arrested in connection with last year 's deadly U.S. Embassy blasts in Kenya and Tanzania and was brought to the United States for trial . The suspect -- Khalfan Khamis Mohamed -- was scheduled to appear before a U.S. magistrate judge in Manhattan at midday , according to a statement today by U.S. Attorney Mary Jo White . The latest arrest brought to nine the number of people in custody in connection with the bombings . White heads a team that is investigating and prosecuting the bombings which killed 224 people , including 12 Americans , on Aug. 7 , 1998 . In Cape Town , South Africa , police spokesman Capt . Rod Beer said the FBI arrested Mohamed at the city 's airport in the early hours of Thursday morning as he was about to be deported for being in the country illegally . The Cape Argus newspaper in Cape Town reported that a search has been launched for accomplices in the region . The U.S. Embassy in Pretoria , South Africa , had no comment . Seventeen people have been indicted in the case . Eight of them are in custody in the United States and one overseas . The rest remained fugitives , including Saudi radical Osama bin Laden . Bin Laden is  accused of masterminding the attack , and is on the FBI 's 10 Most Wanted List . The bombs went off almost simultaneously . The victims in Nairobi , Kenya , numbered 213 , including 12 Americans . Eleven people , none of them Americans , died in the blast in Dar - es - Salaam , Tanzania . 	answer: negative
event: virtually the entire Kuwaiti air force which managed to escape the Iraqi invasion starts before The Saudi " window of vulnerability ... is closing very fast Prince Bandar bin Sultan , the Saudi ambassador to Washington said over the weekend story: Even as Saddam Hussein was searching for a ploy to ease his isolation , though , the international pressure against him clicked up another notch . Other Bush administration officials said that the international naval force in the area -- consisting of American , British , French , Canadian , Soviet , German and Australian ships -- may be used both to stop oil exports from leaving Iraq and Kuwait and to stop shipments of food and other goods from going in . " No point getting into all these semantics , " he said . " So Saddam Hussein on Friday tried to scare other Arab leaders into supporting him by calling on Arabs to rise up in a holy war against leaders who invited American and other Western soldiers into Saudi Arabia to protect the oil - rich kingdom . American strategists are calculating , though , that the trade sanctions -- enforced by an effective though perhaps undeclared naval blockade -- will hold tightly enough to convince Iraq that it will lose in the long run by simply standing pat . The Saudis even have in their possession 48 Kuwaiti jet fighters , virtually the entire Kuwaiti air force , which  managed to escape the Iraqi invasion , Saudi officials said . And even terrorist groups that opposed Iraq in its war with Iran show signs of swinging behind Saddam Hussein now that he is in a confrontation with the U.S. And the U.S. is taking similar steps to ensure that its naval force is adequate to carry out a blockade of Iraq and support a war if necessary . 	answer: positive
event: virtually the entire Kuwaiti air force which managed to escape the Iraqi invasion starts after The Saudi " window of vulnerability ... is closing very fast Prince Bandar bin Sultan , the Saudi ambassador to Washington said over the weekend story: Even as Saddam Hussein was searching for a ploy to ease his isolation , though , the international pressure against him clicked up another notch . Other Bush administration officials said that the international naval force in the area -- consisting of American , British , French , Canadian , Soviet , German and Australian ships -- may be used both to stop oil exports from leaving Iraq and Kuwait and to stop shipments of food and other goods from going in . " No point getting into all these semantics , " he said . " So Saddam Hussein on Friday tried to scare other Arab leaders into supporting him by calling on Arabs to rise up in a holy war against leaders who invited American and other Western soldiers into Saudi Arabia to protect the oil - rich kingdom . American strategists are calculating , though , that the trade sanctions -- enforced by an effective though perhaps undeclared naval blockade -- will hold tightly enough to convince Iraq that it will lose in the long run by simply standing pat . The Saudis even have in their possession 48 Kuwaiti jet fighters , virtually the entire Kuwaiti air force , which  managed to escape the Iraqi invasion , Saudi officials said . And even terrorist groups that opposed Iraq in its war with Iran show signs of swinging behind Saddam Hussein now that he is in a confrontation with the U.S. And the U.S. is taking similar steps to ensure that its naval force is adequate to carry out a blockade of Iraq and support a war if necessary . 	answer: negative
event: In late September IBM began shipping a plug - in card that converts its PS/2 model 70-A21 from a 80386 machine to an 80486 machine starts before the company temporarily stopped shipping the product story: Intel Corp. 's most powerful computer chip has flaws that could delay several computer makers ' marketing efforts , but the " bugs " are n't expected to hurt Intel and most computer makers . Computer experts familiar with the flaws , found in Intel 's 80486 chip , say the defects do n't affect the average user and are likely to be cleared up before most computers using the chip as their " brains " appear on the market sometime next year . Intel said that last week a customer discovered two flaws in its 80486 microprocessor chip 's " floating - point unit " , a set of circuits that do certain calculations . We have n't modified our schedules in any way , " said a Sun spokesman . Yesterday , Compaq plunged further , closing at $ 100 a share , off $ 8.625 a share , on volume of 2,633,700 shares . The real culprits , they said , are computer makers such as IBM that have jumped the gun to unveil 486-based products . " An IBM spokeswoman said the company told customers Monday about the bugs and temporarily  stopped shipping the product . IBM has no plans to recall its add - on cards , the spokeswoman said , and could probably circumvent the bugs without long product delays . " ( A 16-bit microprocessor processes 16 pieces of data at a time and is slower than newer , 32-bit chips . ) That 's what will keep computer makers coming in spite of the irritation of bugs . " " This bug is not going to have any affect on that at all . " 	answer: positive
event: In late September IBM began shipping a plug - in card that converts its PS/2 model 70-A21 from a 80386 machine to an 80486 machine starts after the company temporarily stopped shipping the product story: Intel Corp. 's most powerful computer chip has flaws that could delay several computer makers ' marketing efforts , but the " bugs " are n't expected to hurt Intel and most computer makers . Computer experts familiar with the flaws , found in Intel 's 80486 chip , say the defects do n't affect the average user and are likely to be cleared up before most computers using the chip as their " brains " appear on the market sometime next year . Intel said that last week a customer discovered two flaws in its 80486 microprocessor chip 's " floating - point unit " , a set of circuits that do certain calculations . We have n't modified our schedules in any way , " said a Sun spokesman . Yesterday , Compaq plunged further , closing at $ 100 a share , off $ 8.625 a share , on volume of 2,633,700 shares . The real culprits , they said , are computer makers such as IBM that have jumped the gun to unveil 486-based products . " An IBM spokeswoman said the company told customers Monday about the bugs and temporarily  stopped shipping the product . IBM has no plans to recall its add - on cards , the spokeswoman said , and could probably circumvent the bugs without long product delays . " ( A 16-bit microprocessor processes 16 pieces of data at a time and is slower than newer , 32-bit chips . ) That 's what will keep computer makers coming in spite of the irritation of bugs . " " This bug is not going to have any affect on that at all . " 	answer: negative
event: Since then 427 fugitives located starts before known to be in custody in the Metropolitan Correctional Center in New York story: WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- It is the largest reward the government has ever offered for a fugitive . A total of $ 650,000 , meanwhile , is being offered for information leading to the arrest of Kopp , who is charged with gunning down Dr. Barnett Slepian last fall in his home in Buffalo , The standard $ 50,000 reward for information leading to a listed fugitive 's capture comes on top of a $ 500,000 reward announced earlier by Attorney General Janet Reno , plus a $ 100,000 award offered previously by the FBI . Freeh said Bin Laden may be hiding out in Afghanistan , which has been uncooperative in the case . Kopp , meanwhile , may have approached the border with Mexico , but it is unknown whether he crossed into that country , said Freeh . ' Carpenter said the U.S. government 's counterterrorism program has paid out over $ 6 million in some 20 cases around the world for credible information . The two were removed from the list after Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi agreed in April to hand them over for trial in the Netherlands , a neutral venue . Six suspects in the Bin Laden investigation are  known to be in custody in the Metropolitan Correctional Center in New York . Another eight suspects , including Bin Laden , have been charged but not apprehended . Kopp wears eyeglasses , walks with a slight limp , is 5 feet , 10 inches tall and weighs 150 to 175 pounds . Prior to the Slepian 's shooting , Kopp had traveled the country and world , authorities said . 	answer: positive
event: Since then 427 fugitives located starts after known to be in custody in the Metropolitan Correctional Center in New York story: WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- It is the largest reward the government has ever offered for a fugitive . A total of $ 650,000 , meanwhile , is being offered for information leading to the arrest of Kopp , who is charged with gunning down Dr. Barnett Slepian last fall in his home in Buffalo , The standard $ 50,000 reward for information leading to a listed fugitive 's capture comes on top of a $ 500,000 reward announced earlier by Attorney General Janet Reno , plus a $ 100,000 award offered previously by the FBI . Freeh said Bin Laden may be hiding out in Afghanistan , which has been uncooperative in the case . Kopp , meanwhile , may have approached the border with Mexico , but it is unknown whether he crossed into that country , said Freeh . ' Carpenter said the U.S. government 's counterterrorism program has paid out over $ 6 million in some 20 cases around the world for credible information . The two were removed from the list after Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi agreed in April to hand them over for trial in the Netherlands , a neutral venue . Six suspects in the Bin Laden investigation are  known to be in custody in the Metropolitan Correctional Center in New York . Another eight suspects , including Bin Laden , have been charged but not apprehended . Kopp wears eyeglasses , walks with a slight limp , is 5 feet , 10 inches tall and weighs 150 to 175 pounds . Prior to the Slepian 's shooting , Kopp had traveled the country and world , authorities said . 	answer: negative
event: the court lifting an obstacle to Elian 's return to Cuba starts after We acknowledge as a widely accepted truth that Cuba does violate human rights and fundamental freedoms and does not guarantee the rule of law to people living in Cuba story: ' But Thursday 's decision made it clear the family has only 14 days to decide whether to request a rehearing at that level . & amp;UR ; & amp;LR ; ` ` Expect no extensions , ' ' the court instructed . But the Immigration and Naturalization Service 's decision to deny Elian an asylum hearing was ` ` within the outside border of reasonable choices , ' ' the opinion read . ` ` We will keep fighting with the laws ... so Elian Gonzalez can live in a free country like his mother wanted , ' ' Lazaro Gonzalez said . President Clinton and Attorney General Janet Reno praised the ruling , with both stressing their confidence that Juan Miguel Gonzalez is the best person to raise his child . & amp;UR ; & amp;LR ; ` ` As I 've said before , this is a case about the importance of family and the bond between a father and son , ' ' Clinton said in a written statement issued from Berlin . Protesters were beginning to gather outside the Miami relatives ' home even before the ruling was issued . They yelled and wept when the decision was announced . In a statement read on Cuban television , Castro 's government expressed its displeasure at still another delay in Elian 's return . Jose Basulto , founder of Brothers to the Rescue , a Cuban exile group that frequently rescues Cuban refugees from the Straits of Florida , called the latest ruling ` ` outrageous . ' ' ` ` The saga of Elian Gonzalez is a turning point in relations in the Cuban community and the United States , ' ' 	answer: positive
event: the court lifting an obstacle to Elian 's return to Cuba starts before We acknowledge as a widely accepted truth that Cuba does violate human rights and fundamental freedoms and does not guarantee the rule of law to people living in Cuba story: ' But Thursday 's decision made it clear the family has only 14 days to decide whether to request a rehearing at that level . & amp;UR ; & amp;LR ; ` ` Expect no extensions , ' ' the court instructed . But the Immigration and Naturalization Service 's decision to deny Elian an asylum hearing was ` ` within the outside border of reasonable choices , ' ' the opinion read . ` ` We will keep fighting with the laws ... so Elian Gonzalez can live in a free country like his mother wanted , ' ' Lazaro Gonzalez said . President Clinton and Attorney General Janet Reno praised the ruling , with both stressing their confidence that Juan Miguel Gonzalez is the best person to raise his child . & amp;UR ; & amp;LR ; ` ` As I 've said before , this is a case about the importance of family and the bond between a father and son , ' ' Clinton said in a written statement issued from Berlin . Protesters were beginning to gather outside the Miami relatives ' home even before the ruling was issued . They yelled and wept when the decision was announced . In a statement read on Cuban television , Castro 's government expressed its displeasure at still another delay in Elian 's return . Jose Basulto , founder of Brothers to the Rescue , a Cuban exile group that frequently rescues Cuban refugees from the Straits of Florida , called the latest ruling ` ` outrageous . ' ' ` ` The saga of Elian Gonzalez is a turning point in relations in the Cuban community and the United States , ' ' 	answer: negative
event: the crisis triggered by the end of the former Soviet Union 's subsidies starts before a trickle of cash from Miami that soon became a flood story: MIAMI _ Until this week . ` ` There has been a lot of pressure , and he feels this is a family affair . ' ' Of the nine brothers and sisters of Manuel 's generation , five have come to Miami , while three remain in Cuba and one has passed away . According to press reports , Caridad Gonzalez , the oldest sister , was the first to come to the United States , arriving in 1966 . Her brother Delfin , who was imprisoned as an anti - Castro activist in the 1960s , followed in 1979 . The family 's experience is like that of thousands of others now split between Miami and Cuba , said Damien Fernandez , a Cuban - American political scientist at Florida International University . For decades , Cuban Americans in Miami were largely cut off from the families they left behind . Labeled ` ` worms ' ' and ` ` traitors ' ' by Castro , many were n't able to speak to _ much less visit _ their relatives for years . By some estimates , the 700,000 Cubans living in South Florida _ and elsewhere in the United States _ send $ 1 billion a year in remittances back to their families on the island . ` ` The Miami families have become a lifeline , and since 1990 there has been a great trend toward reconciliation , ' ' said Florida International 's Fernandez . Prior to Elian , the Gonzalez family apparently was no different . The branches of the family regularly talked by telephone and the Miami relatives went back to Cuba for several family reunions . ' 	answer: positive
event: the crisis triggered by the end of the former Soviet Union 's subsidies starts after a trickle of cash from Miami that soon became a flood story: MIAMI _ Until this week . ` ` There has been a lot of pressure , and he feels this is a family affair . ' ' Of the nine brothers and sisters of Manuel 's generation , five have come to Miami , while three remain in Cuba and one has passed away . According to press reports , Caridad Gonzalez , the oldest sister , was the first to come to the United States , arriving in 1966 . Her brother Delfin , who was imprisoned as an anti - Castro activist in the 1960s , followed in 1979 . The family 's experience is like that of thousands of others now split between Miami and Cuba , said Damien Fernandez , a Cuban - American political scientist at Florida International University . For decades , Cuban Americans in Miami were largely cut off from the families they left behind . Labeled ` ` worms ' ' and ` ` traitors ' ' by Castro , many were n't able to speak to _ much less visit _ their relatives for years . By some estimates , the 700,000 Cubans living in South Florida _ and elsewhere in the United States _ send $ 1 billion a year in remittances back to their families on the island . ` ` The Miami families have become a lifeline , and since 1990 there has been a great trend toward reconciliation , ' ' said Florida International 's Fernandez . Prior to Elian , the Gonzalez family apparently was no different . The branches of the family regularly talked by telephone and the Miami relatives went back to Cuba for several family reunions . ' 	answer: negative
event: Time and again he endures starts after He outlasted eight American presidents story: For his part , Fidel Castro is the ultimate political survivor . People have predicted his demise so many times , and the US has tried to hasten it on several occasions . Time and again , he  endures . He has  outlasted and sometimes outsmarted eight American presidents . Fidel Castro invited John Paul to come for a reason . They 'll see images of the Pope with Fidel Castro . It will give the rest of the world the view that Cuba is like any other nation , something the US has , of course , tried to persuade the world that it is not . For nearly forty years , the United States has said categorically it would not tolerate totalitarian rule in its own backyard . It is the US economic and political embargo which has kept Cuba in a box . The main positive for Castro to invite the Pope is international , to be able to say to the rest of the world , this government is not as closed , as intolerant , uh as totalitarian as some make it out to be . One of the scenarios widely advanced before the visit is that through the Pope , Cuba , still led by Castro , can begin a more productive relationship with the world . That will , in turn , bring pressure on Washington to change . Those observers looking for a battle between uncompromising representatives and very different ideologies will , in all likelihood , be disappointed . Castro has said that you can be a Communist and still be a Christian . He says he and the Pope both want to end the exploitation of man by man . The question is who will Cubans believe ? 	answer: positive
event: Time and again he endures starts before He outlasted eight American presidents story: For his part , Fidel Castro is the ultimate political survivor . People have predicted his demise so many times , and the US has tried to hasten it on several occasions . Time and again , he  endures . He has  outlasted and sometimes outsmarted eight American presidents . Fidel Castro invited John Paul to come for a reason . They 'll see images of the Pope with Fidel Castro . It will give the rest of the world the view that Cuba is like any other nation , something the US has , of course , tried to persuade the world that it is not . For nearly forty years , the United States has said categorically it would not tolerate totalitarian rule in its own backyard . It is the US economic and political embargo which has kept Cuba in a box . The main positive for Castro to invite the Pope is international , to be able to say to the rest of the world , this government is not as closed , as intolerant , uh as totalitarian as some make it out to be . One of the scenarios widely advanced before the visit is that through the Pope , Cuba , still led by Castro , can begin a more productive relationship with the world . That will , in turn , bring pressure on Washington to change . Those observers looking for a battle between uncompromising representatives and very different ideologies will , in all likelihood , be disappointed . Castro has said that you can be a Communist and still be a Christian . He says he and the Pope both want to end the exploitation of man by man . The question is who will Cubans believe ? 	answer: negative
event: Police confirmed Friday that the body found along a highway in this municipality 15 miles south of San Juan belonged to Jorge Hernandez , 49 starts after the body found along a highway in this municipality 15 miles south of San Juan story: CAGUAS , Puerto Rico ( AP ) _ Kidnappers kept their promise to kill a store owner they took hostage and police found the man 's dismembered and decapitated body Friday wrapped in plastic garbage bags . Police  confirmed Friday that the body  found along a highway in this municipality 15 miles south of San Juan belonged to Jorge Hernandez , 49 . Hernandez was kidnapped from his small , neighborhood store in the town of Trujillo Alto at 10 p.m. Wednesday , police said . His kidnappers demanded a ransom of dlrs 1 million , but negotiations broke off at noon Thursday . Police gave no details about the negotiations with the kidnappers for the return of Hernandez . The store owner 's body was found with the arms and head cut off and the parts stuffed in separate garbage bags . A passerby called police to report the body alongside the road . Puerto Rico Police Superintendent Pedro Toledo urged people who might be targeted by kidnappers to be alert . ` ` There has been an increase in Puerto Rico in this kind of thing and some of these bands of kidnappers are made up of foreigners , ' ' Toledo said . While some Latin American countries such as Mexico and Colombia have suffered from a rash of kidnappings in recent years , the crime has not been common in this U.S. commonwealth . 	answer: positive
event: Police confirmed Friday that the body found along a highway in this municipality 15 miles south of San Juan belonged to Jorge Hernandez , 49 starts before the body found along a highway in this municipality 15 miles south of San Juan story: CAGUAS , Puerto Rico ( AP ) _ Kidnappers kept their promise to kill a store owner they took hostage and police found the man 's dismembered and decapitated body Friday wrapped in plastic garbage bags . Police  confirmed Friday that the body  found along a highway in this municipality 15 miles south of San Juan belonged to Jorge Hernandez , 49 . Hernandez was kidnapped from his small , neighborhood store in the town of Trujillo Alto at 10 p.m. Wednesday , police said . His kidnappers demanded a ransom of dlrs 1 million , but negotiations broke off at noon Thursday . Police gave no details about the negotiations with the kidnappers for the return of Hernandez . The store owner 's body was found with the arms and head cut off and the parts stuffed in separate garbage bags . A passerby called police to report the body alongside the road . Puerto Rico Police Superintendent Pedro Toledo urged people who might be targeted by kidnappers to be alert . ` ` There has been an increase in Puerto Rico in this kind of thing and some of these bands of kidnappers are made up of foreigners , ' ' Toledo said . While some Latin American countries such as Mexico and Colombia have suffered from a rash of kidnappings in recent years , the crime has not been common in this U.S. commonwealth . 	answer: negative
event: Milton Roy recently fended unsolicited overtures from Thermo Electron Corp. , a Waltham , Mass. , maker of biomedical products starts after Milton Roy disclosed in May that it was approached for a possible acquisition by Thermo Electron , which agreed to purchase Milton Roy 's liquid - chromatography line for $ 22 million in February story: Crane Co. said it holds an 8.9 % stake in Milton Roy Corp. , an analytical - instruments maker , and may seek control of the company . Crane , a maker of engineered products for aerospace , construction , defense and other uses , made the disclosure in a Securities and Exchange Commission filing . In the filing , Crane said that in the past it considered seeking control of Milton Roy , of St. Petersburg , Fla. , through a merger or tender offer and that it expects to continue to evaluate an acquisition from time to time . Crane officials did n't return phone calls seeking comment . Crane holds 504,200 Milton Roy shares , including 254,200 bought from Sept. 14 to Thursday for $ 15.50 to $ 16.75 each . In New York Stock Exchange composite trading Friday , Milton Roy shares leaped $ 2 , to $ 18.375 each , while Crane sank $ 1.125 , to $ 21.125 a share . Milton Roy  disclosed in May that it was approached for a possible acquisition by Thermo Electron , which agreed to purchase Milton Roy 's liquid - chromatography line for $ 22 million in February . Gabelli Group began raising its Milton Roy stake in July , and holds 14.6 % , according to a recent SEC filing . It has n't made merger overtures to the board . Under the terms , Milton Roy will pay an initial $ 4 million for the operations and additional payments during the next four years based on the earnings performance of the businesses . In the nine months , Milton Roy earned $ 6.6 million , or $ 1.18 a share , on sales of $ 94.3 million . 	answer: positive
event: Milton Roy recently fended unsolicited overtures from Thermo Electron Corp. , a Waltham , Mass. , maker of biomedical products starts before Milton Roy disclosed in May that it was approached for a possible acquisition by Thermo Electron , which agreed to purchase Milton Roy 's liquid - chromatography line for $ 22 million in February story: Crane Co. said it holds an 8.9 % stake in Milton Roy Corp. , an analytical - instruments maker , and may seek control of the company . Crane , a maker of engineered products for aerospace , construction , defense and other uses , made the disclosure in a Securities and Exchange Commission filing . In the filing , Crane said that in the past it considered seeking control of Milton Roy , of St. Petersburg , Fla. , through a merger or tender offer and that it expects to continue to evaluate an acquisition from time to time . Crane officials did n't return phone calls seeking comment . Crane holds 504,200 Milton Roy shares , including 254,200 bought from Sept. 14 to Thursday for $ 15.50 to $ 16.75 each . In New York Stock Exchange composite trading Friday , Milton Roy shares leaped $ 2 , to $ 18.375 each , while Crane sank $ 1.125 , to $ 21.125 a share . Milton Roy  disclosed in May that it was approached for a possible acquisition by Thermo Electron , which agreed to purchase Milton Roy 's liquid - chromatography line for $ 22 million in February . Gabelli Group began raising its Milton Roy stake in July , and holds 14.6 % , according to a recent SEC filing . It has n't made merger overtures to the board . Under the terms , Milton Roy will pay an initial $ 4 million for the operations and additional payments during the next four years based on the earnings performance of the businesses . In the nine months , Milton Roy earned $ 6.6 million , or $ 1.18 a share , on sales of $ 94.3 million . 	answer: negative
event: Saddam accept a border demarcation treaty he had rejected in peace talks following the August 1988 cease - fire of the eight - year war with Iran starts before heading more trouble with Iran , which had condemned Iraq 's invasion of Kuwait on Aug. 2 but also criticized the multinational force dispatched to Saudi Arabia story: In another mediation effort , the Soviet Union said today it had sent an envoy to the Middle East on a series of stops to include Baghdad . Soviet officials also said Soviet women , children and invalids would be allowed to leave Iraq . Saddam said he sought to ` ` turn the gulf into a lake of peace free of foreign fleets and forces that harbor ill intentions against us . ' Soviet Foreign Ministry spokesman Yuri Gremitskikh said special ambassador Mikhail Sytenko left Tuesday for consultations with the governments of Syria , Jordan , Egypt and other Arab countries . The Iraqi ambassador to Greece said in Athens the Americans and other stranded foreigners could leave ` ` as soon as the threats from the United States and its allies are eliminated . ' ' ABC quoted an Iraqi Foreign Ministry official in Baghdad as saying Americans in Iraq are ` ` restrictees ' ' who will stay there until the crisis ends . There have been reports of wholesale looting but food and gasoline were still available , said a spokesman , who by custom was not identified . The Iraqi ambassador to Venezuela said on Tuesday that Iraq would retaliate against Venezuela and other OPEC oil cartel members if they boost oil production to fill the gap created by blocked supplies from Iraq and Kuwait . Iraq has control of 20 percent of the world 's oil reserves . The U.N. Security Council on Aug. 6 ordered a global embargo on trade with Iraq as punishment for seizing Kuwait . _ at least until economic sanctions force Saddam to withdraw his army . 	answer: positive
event: Saddam accept a border demarcation treaty he had rejected in peace talks following the August 1988 cease - fire of the eight - year war with Iran starts after heading more trouble with Iran , which had condemned Iraq 's invasion of Kuwait on Aug. 2 but also criticized the multinational force dispatched to Saudi Arabia story: In another mediation effort , the Soviet Union said today it had sent an envoy to the Middle East on a series of stops to include Baghdad . Soviet officials also said Soviet women , children and invalids would be allowed to leave Iraq . Saddam said he sought to ` ` turn the gulf into a lake of peace free of foreign fleets and forces that harbor ill intentions against us . ' Soviet Foreign Ministry spokesman Yuri Gremitskikh said special ambassador Mikhail Sytenko left Tuesday for consultations with the governments of Syria , Jordan , Egypt and other Arab countries . The Iraqi ambassador to Greece said in Athens the Americans and other stranded foreigners could leave ` ` as soon as the threats from the United States and its allies are eliminated . ' ' ABC quoted an Iraqi Foreign Ministry official in Baghdad as saying Americans in Iraq are ` ` restrictees ' ' who will stay there until the crisis ends . There have been reports of wholesale looting but food and gasoline were still available , said a spokesman , who by custom was not identified . The Iraqi ambassador to Venezuela said on Tuesday that Iraq would retaliate against Venezuela and other OPEC oil cartel members if they boost oil production to fill the gap created by blocked supplies from Iraq and Kuwait . Iraq has control of 20 percent of the world 's oil reserves . The U.N. Security Council on Aug. 6 ordered a global embargo on trade with Iraq as punishment for seizing Kuwait . _ at least until economic sanctions force Saddam to withdraw his army . 	answer: negative
event: Bush held the prospect of more aid to Jordan if it cooperates with the trade embargo starts before the United States and Soviet Union putting an anti - Iraq naval blockade under a United Nations umbrella story: Iraq 's Saddam Hussein , facing U.S. and Arab troops at the Saudi border , today sought peace on another front by promising to withdraw from Iranian territory and release soldiers captured during the Iran - Iraq war . President Bush on Tuesday said the United States may extend its naval quarantine to Jordan 's Red Sea port of Aqaba to shut off Iraq 's last unhindered trade route . In another mediation effort , the Soviet Union said today it had sent an envoy to the Middle East on a series of stops to include Baghdad . ` ` No one should doubt our staying power or determination , ' ' he said . Bush can call up to 200,000 reservists for up to 180 days without seeking congressional approval . The outlook darkened for about 3,000 Americans caught in Iraq and Kuwait when Saddam sent his forces into the small , oil - rich sultanate . Iraq has control of 20 percent of the world 's oil reserves . A steep rise in world oil prices followed the Kuwait invasion . The predominantly Moslem nation of Bangladesh said today its troops would join multinational forces in Saudi Arabia . Crown Prince Hassan , King Hussein 's brother and political adviser , was asked today about the message the king was said to be carrying . In exchange , the buildup of U.S. forces in the region would halt . The United States has provided most of the naval vessels so far to block Iraqi trade , with Britain , West Germany and Australia among the other nations lending support at sea . 	answer: positive
event: Bush held the prospect of more aid to Jordan if it cooperates with the trade embargo starts after the United States and Soviet Union putting an anti - Iraq naval blockade under a United Nations umbrella story: Iraq 's Saddam Hussein , facing U.S. and Arab troops at the Saudi border , today sought peace on another front by promising to withdraw from Iranian territory and release soldiers captured during the Iran - Iraq war . President Bush on Tuesday said the United States may extend its naval quarantine to Jordan 's Red Sea port of Aqaba to shut off Iraq 's last unhindered trade route . In another mediation effort , the Soviet Union said today it had sent an envoy to the Middle East on a series of stops to include Baghdad . ` ` No one should doubt our staying power or determination , ' ' he said . Bush can call up to 200,000 reservists for up to 180 days without seeking congressional approval . The outlook darkened for about 3,000 Americans caught in Iraq and Kuwait when Saddam sent his forces into the small , oil - rich sultanate . Iraq has control of 20 percent of the world 's oil reserves . A steep rise in world oil prices followed the Kuwait invasion . The predominantly Moslem nation of Bangladesh said today its troops would join multinational forces in Saudi Arabia . Crown Prince Hassan , King Hussein 's brother and political adviser , was asked today about the message the king was said to be carrying . In exchange , the buildup of U.S. forces in the region would halt . The United States has provided most of the naval vessels so far to block Iraqi trade , with Britain , West Germany and Australia among the other nations lending support at sea . 	answer: negative
event: He added This has nothing to do with Marty Ackerman and it is not designed , particularly , to take the company private starts after the buy - back , and the above - market price paid , prove that Mr. Edelman is running scared story: Intelogic Trace Inc. , San Antonio , Texas , said it bought 2.7 million shares , or about 18 % , of its common stock from an unaffiliated shareholder for $ 3.625 a share , or $ 9.9 million . The move boosts Intelogic Chairman Asher Edelman 's stake to 20 % from 16.2 % and may help prevent Martin Ackerman from making a run at the computer - services concern . Mr. Ackerman already is seeking to oust Mr. Edelman as chairman of Datapoint Corp. , an Intelogic affiliate . The action followed by one day an Intelogic announcement that it will retain an investment banker to explore alternatives " to maximize shareholder value , " including the possible sale of the company . In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Intelogic shares rose 37.5 cents to close at $ 2.75 . Mr. Edelman declined to specify what prompted the recent moves , saying they are meant only to benefit shareholders when " the company is on a roll . " He  added , " This has nothing to do with Marty Ackerman and it is not designed , particularly , to take the company private . " But Mr. Ackerman said the buy - back , and the above - market price paid ,  prove that Mr. Edelman is running scared . 	answer: positive
event: He added This has nothing to do with Marty Ackerman and it is not designed , particularly , to take the company private starts before the buy - back , and the above - market price paid , prove that Mr. Edelman is running scared story: Intelogic Trace Inc. , San Antonio , Texas , said it bought 2.7 million shares , or about 18 % , of its common stock from an unaffiliated shareholder for $ 3.625 a share , or $ 9.9 million . The move boosts Intelogic Chairman Asher Edelman 's stake to 20 % from 16.2 % and may help prevent Martin Ackerman from making a run at the computer - services concern . Mr. Ackerman already is seeking to oust Mr. Edelman as chairman of Datapoint Corp. , an Intelogic affiliate . The action followed by one day an Intelogic announcement that it will retain an investment banker to explore alternatives " to maximize shareholder value , " including the possible sale of the company . In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Intelogic shares rose 37.5 cents to close at $ 2.75 . Mr. Edelman declined to specify what prompted the recent moves , saying they are meant only to benefit shareholders when " the company is on a roll . " He  added , " This has nothing to do with Marty Ackerman and it is not designed , particularly , to take the company private . " But Mr. Ackerman said the buy - back , and the above - market price paid ,  prove that Mr. Edelman is running scared . 	answer: negative
event: Still analysts said the accord does n't suggest Japan is opening up to more foreign takeovers starts after the cereal maker which losing market share story: Still , stock - index funds are expected to continue launching big programs through the market . Personal spending rose 0.2 % in September , the smallest gain in a year . Meanwhile , personal income edged up 0.3 % . But weak car sales raise questions about future demand from the auto sector . The tentative pact would resolve part of a broad investigation of the Atlanta - based company in the past year . LIN Broadcasting and BellSouth sweetened their plan to merge cellular phone operations , offering LIN holders a special $ 42-a - share payout . But the new pact will force huge debt on the new firm and could still fail to thwart rival suitor McCaw Cellular . Unisys posted a $ 648.2 million loss for the third quarter as it moved quickly to take write - offs for various problems and prepare for a turnaround . But some analysts wonder how strong the recovery will be . RJR Nabisco agreed to sell three candy businesses to Nestle for $ 370 million . The accord helps RJR pay off debt and boosts Nestle 's 7 % share of the U.S. candy market to 12 % . Still , analysts  said the accord does n't suggest Japan is opening up to more foreign takeovers . Kellogg suspended work on a $ 1 billion cereal plant , indicating a pessimistic outlook by the cereal maker , which has been  losing market share . Mobil is cutting back its U.S. oil and gas exploration and production group by up to 15 % as part of a restructuring of the business . Bonds : Commodities : Dow Jones futures index 129.49 , up 0.27 ; spot index 130.80 , off 0.24 . 	answer: positive
event: Still analysts said the accord does n't suggest Japan is opening up to more foreign takeovers starts before the cereal maker which losing market share story: Still , stock - index funds are expected to continue launching big programs through the market . Personal spending rose 0.2 % in September , the smallest gain in a year . Meanwhile , personal income edged up 0.3 % . But weak car sales raise questions about future demand from the auto sector . The tentative pact would resolve part of a broad investigation of the Atlanta - based company in the past year . LIN Broadcasting and BellSouth sweetened their plan to merge cellular phone operations , offering LIN holders a special $ 42-a - share payout . But the new pact will force huge debt on the new firm and could still fail to thwart rival suitor McCaw Cellular . Unisys posted a $ 648.2 million loss for the third quarter as it moved quickly to take write - offs for various problems and prepare for a turnaround . But some analysts wonder how strong the recovery will be . RJR Nabisco agreed to sell three candy businesses to Nestle for $ 370 million . The accord helps RJR pay off debt and boosts Nestle 's 7 % share of the U.S. candy market to 12 % . Still , analysts  said the accord does n't suggest Japan is opening up to more foreign takeovers . Kellogg suspended work on a $ 1 billion cereal plant , indicating a pessimistic outlook by the cereal maker , which has been  losing market share . Mobil is cutting back its U.S. oil and gas exploration and production group by up to 15 % as part of a restructuring of the business . Bonds : Commodities : Dow Jones futures index 129.49 , up 0.27 ; spot index 130.80 , off 0.24 . 	answer: negative
event: His car was spotted in Slepian 's suburban Amherst neighborhood in the weeks before the shooting , and was found abandoned at New Jersey 's Newark International Airport in December investigators said starts after Kopp 's stepmother , who married Kopp 's father when Kopp was in his 30s , said Thursday from her home in Irving , Texas I would like to see him come forward and clear his name if he 's not guilty , and if he 's guilty , to contact a priest and make his amends with society , face what he did story: Federal and state arrest warrants were issued for James C. Kopp , 44 , of St. Albans , Vt . His whereabouts are unknown . The federal charge also carries a fine of up to $ 250,000 . The newly filed charges will intensify the ongoing international manhunt , Tolbert said . In response to the new charges , Canadian officials confirmed that Kopp is a suspect in sniper shootings that injured abortion doctors in November in Vancouver , British Columbia ; Winnipeg , Manitoba ; and Hamilton , Ontario . Investigators would not divulge the evidence against Kopp but said last month 's discovery of a scope - equipped rifle buried near the Slepian home represented a major breakthrough . Authorities have said they believe the weapon may have been buried in advance of the shooting , with the killer digging it up to fire the shot , then reburying it and fleeing . Kopp also has been linked , through DNA testing , to a strand of hair found near where the sniper fired , law enforcement sources have said . Nicknamed the ` ` Atomic Dog ' ' in anti - abortion circles , Kopp had been arrested in several states since 1990 for protesting abortion . His car was spotted in Slepian 's suburban Amherst neighborhood in the weeks before the shooting , and was found abandoned at New Jersey 's Newark International Airport in December , investigators  said . ' Eric Rudolph has been on the run since the January 1998 bombing of a Birmingham , Ala. , abortion clinic that killed an off - duty police officer and maimed a nurse . 	answer: positive
event: His car was spotted in Slepian 's suburban Amherst neighborhood in the weeks before the shooting , and was found abandoned at New Jersey 's Newark International Airport in December investigators said starts before Kopp 's stepmother , who married Kopp 's father when Kopp was in his 30s , said Thursday from her home in Irving , Texas I would like to see him come forward and clear his name if he 's not guilty , and if he 's guilty , to contact a priest and make his amends with society , face what he did story: Federal and state arrest warrants were issued for James C. Kopp , 44 , of St. Albans , Vt . His whereabouts are unknown . The federal charge also carries a fine of up to $ 250,000 . The newly filed charges will intensify the ongoing international manhunt , Tolbert said . In response to the new charges , Canadian officials confirmed that Kopp is a suspect in sniper shootings that injured abortion doctors in November in Vancouver , British Columbia ; Winnipeg , Manitoba ; and Hamilton , Ontario . Investigators would not divulge the evidence against Kopp but said last month 's discovery of a scope - equipped rifle buried near the Slepian home represented a major breakthrough . Authorities have said they believe the weapon may have been buried in advance of the shooting , with the killer digging it up to fire the shot , then reburying it and fleeing . Kopp also has been linked , through DNA testing , to a strand of hair found near where the sniper fired , law enforcement sources have said . Nicknamed the ` ` Atomic Dog ' ' in anti - abortion circles , Kopp had been arrested in several states since 1990 for protesting abortion . His car was spotted in Slepian 's suburban Amherst neighborhood in the weeks before the shooting , and was found abandoned at New Jersey 's Newark International Airport in December , investigators  said . ' Eric Rudolph has been on the run since the January 1998 bombing of a Birmingham , Ala. , abortion clinic that killed an off - duty police officer and maimed a nurse . 	answer: negative
event: He said the group would be met on arriving in Washington by Craig and Joan Brown Campbell of the National Council of Churches , who traveled with Craig on his lightning trip to Havana on Wednesday starts after Joan Brown Campbell of the National Council of Churches who traveled with Craig on his lightning trip to Havana on Wednesday story: HAVANA ( AP ) -- President Fidel Castro declared Wednesday night that it is just matter of days before Elian Gonzalez will be reunited with his father . ' ' I am talking about three days ' ' more or less , Castro told hundreds of university students from across Latin American and the Caribbean in town for a regional congress . ' ' It is inevitable . ' ' ' ' The battle of Elian has been won -- in judicial terms , in legal terms , in political terms , ' ' ' The Cuban leader said that the U.S. government still did not know how it would transfer Elian to his father , but that it would happen quickly . The Miami kin has been battling to keep him in the United States , saying it can give him a better life off the communist island . But Gonzalez , backed by Castro , has demanded his rights as Elian 's sole surviving parent and insisted that the child be returned to him . Since the tragedy , Elian has become a political poster boy for Cubans with diametrically opposed ideologies living on both sides of the Florida Straits . During his speech Wednesday night , Castro expressed irritation that much of the rest of the delegation was not granted visas to travel to the United States to stay with Elian while waiting out a federal appeal filed by Elian 's Miami relatives and assist in his ' ' rehabilitation . ' ' ' ' More important than the doctors are those 12 children ' ' from Elian 's first - grade class in Cuba , Castro said . 	answer: positive
event: He said the group would be met on arriving in Washington by Craig and Joan Brown Campbell of the National Council of Churches , who traveled with Craig on his lightning trip to Havana on Wednesday starts before Joan Brown Campbell of the National Council of Churches who traveled with Craig on his lightning trip to Havana on Wednesday story: HAVANA ( AP ) -- President Fidel Castro declared Wednesday night that it is just matter of days before Elian Gonzalez will be reunited with his father . ' ' I am talking about three days ' ' more or less , Castro told hundreds of university students from across Latin American and the Caribbean in town for a regional congress . ' ' It is inevitable . ' ' ' ' The battle of Elian has been won -- in judicial terms , in legal terms , in political terms , ' ' ' The Cuban leader said that the U.S. government still did not know how it would transfer Elian to his father , but that it would happen quickly . The Miami kin has been battling to keep him in the United States , saying it can give him a better life off the communist island . But Gonzalez , backed by Castro , has demanded his rights as Elian 's sole surviving parent and insisted that the child be returned to him . Since the tragedy , Elian has become a political poster boy for Cubans with diametrically opposed ideologies living on both sides of the Florida Straits . During his speech Wednesday night , Castro expressed irritation that much of the rest of the delegation was not granted visas to travel to the United States to stay with Elian while waiting out a federal appeal filed by Elian 's Miami relatives and assist in his ' ' rehabilitation . ' ' ' ' More important than the doctors are those 12 children ' ' from Elian 's first - grade class in Cuba , Castro said . 	answer: negative
event: He appeared to be reasonably healthy when he appeared in court the next morning starts before Cuban exiles outside the courthouse cheered Lazaro and his family story: The angry crowd rushed at Manuel Gonzalez as he stepped out of Miami 's federal courthouse , shaking fists at him and shouting in Spanish , ` ` communista ' ' and ` ` traitor . ' ' In a drama that has divided his once close - knit family and may finally be resolved in a court hearing the week of March 6 , Manuel Gonzalez , 59 , a soft - spoken bus mechanic , has remained largely out of the glare of television lights . Elian should be with his father . ' ' A day after he was hounded on the steps of the federal courthouse , Manuel Gonzalez would n't come to the door of his modest home in Miami 's Little Havana . Long before Elian thrust them into the unrelenting glare of the international spotlight , the Gonzalez clan was a typical example of the conflicts and painful separations wrought by the Cuban revolution . Then came another sister , Georgina , in 1983 , followed by Manuel and Lazaro in 1984 . Of those who stayed in Cuba , Juan Miguel 's father , Juan Gonzalez , seems the most closely allied with the Cuban government . He worked as a police officer in a Cuban ministry , a position that probably helped his son _ Elian 's father _ get a job in the Communist island 's increasingly lucrative tourism industry . ` ` Cubans value their families above almost anything , but the post-1959 politics have managed to split thousands of families apart , ' ' he said . But while Cuban exiles outside the courthouse  cheered Lazaro and his family , their angry taunts seemed to shock Manuel . 	answer: positive
event: He appeared to be reasonably healthy when he appeared in court the next morning starts after Cuban exiles outside the courthouse cheered Lazaro and his family story: The angry crowd rushed at Manuel Gonzalez as he stepped out of Miami 's federal courthouse , shaking fists at him and shouting in Spanish , ` ` communista ' ' and ` ` traitor . ' ' In a drama that has divided his once close - knit family and may finally be resolved in a court hearing the week of March 6 , Manuel Gonzalez , 59 , a soft - spoken bus mechanic , has remained largely out of the glare of television lights . Elian should be with his father . ' ' A day after he was hounded on the steps of the federal courthouse , Manuel Gonzalez would n't come to the door of his modest home in Miami 's Little Havana . Long before Elian thrust them into the unrelenting glare of the international spotlight , the Gonzalez clan was a typical example of the conflicts and painful separations wrought by the Cuban revolution . Then came another sister , Georgina , in 1983 , followed by Manuel and Lazaro in 1984 . Of those who stayed in Cuba , Juan Miguel 's father , Juan Gonzalez , seems the most closely allied with the Cuban government . He worked as a police officer in a Cuban ministry , a position that probably helped his son _ Elian 's father _ get a job in the Communist island 's increasingly lucrative tourism industry . ` ` Cubans value their families above almost anything , but the post-1959 politics have managed to split thousands of families apart , ' ' he said . But while Cuban exiles outside the courthouse  cheered Lazaro and his family , their angry taunts seemed to shock Manuel . 	answer: negative
event: An Iraqi official speaking on customary condition of anonymity starts before An Iraqi official speaking on customary condition of anonymity said Ritter would not try to visit any of the eight presidential sites that Baghdad had placed off - limits to U.N. weapons inspectors story: BAGHDAD , Iraq ( AP ) _ An American leader of a U.N. weapons inspection team resumed work in Iraq Friday , nearly two months after his team was effectively blocked . Previously the Iraqis have resisted attempts to inspect such quarters . Iraq alleged Ritter was an American spy whose team had a disproportionately high number of Americans and Britons . 225 _ which Ritter heads _ made surprise visits to a number of sites and was assisted by aerial surveillance . Five other U.N. inspection teams visited a total of nine other sites , the agency reported . An Iraqi official ,  speaking on customary condition of anonymity ,  said Ritter would not try to visit any of the eight presidential sites that Baghdad had placed off - limits to U.N. weapons inspectors . The official said these sites could only be visited by a special team of U.N. monitors and diplomats as laid down by the Feb. 23 accord signed by U.N. Secretary - General Kofi Annan and Iraqi Deputy Prime Minister Tariq Aziz . The United States had moved additional troops and a naval armada into the Gulf and said it would strike Iraq unless it gave the U.N. arms inspectors unfettered access to all potential weapons sites , including Saddam 's palaces . Iraq had argued the presidential sites should be off limits as symbols of sovereignty . Prakash Shah , 58 , a former Indian ambassador to the United Nations , is part of an effort by Annan to expand contacts with the Iraqi leadership . U.N. officials in New York on Friday finished drafting the rules , in consultation with Iraqi diplomats . 	answer: positive
event: An Iraqi official speaking on customary condition of anonymity starts after An Iraqi official speaking on customary condition of anonymity said Ritter would not try to visit any of the eight presidential sites that Baghdad had placed off - limits to U.N. weapons inspectors story: BAGHDAD , Iraq ( AP ) _ An American leader of a U.N. weapons inspection team resumed work in Iraq Friday , nearly two months after his team was effectively blocked . Previously the Iraqis have resisted attempts to inspect such quarters . Iraq alleged Ritter was an American spy whose team had a disproportionately high number of Americans and Britons . 225 _ which Ritter heads _ made surprise visits to a number of sites and was assisted by aerial surveillance . Five other U.N. inspection teams visited a total of nine other sites , the agency reported . An Iraqi official ,  speaking on customary condition of anonymity ,  said Ritter would not try to visit any of the eight presidential sites that Baghdad had placed off - limits to U.N. weapons inspectors . The official said these sites could only be visited by a special team of U.N. monitors and diplomats as laid down by the Feb. 23 accord signed by U.N. Secretary - General Kofi Annan and Iraqi Deputy Prime Minister Tariq Aziz . The United States had moved additional troops and a naval armada into the Gulf and said it would strike Iraq unless it gave the U.N. arms inspectors unfettered access to all potential weapons sites , including Saddam 's palaces . Iraq had argued the presidential sites should be off limits as symbols of sovereignty . Prakash Shah , 58 , a former Indian ambassador to the United Nations , is part of an effort by Annan to expand contacts with the Iraqi leadership . U.N. officials in New York on Friday finished drafting the rules , in consultation with Iraqi diplomats . 	answer: negative
event: Yet the Taliban forbidden them to work starts before She says this puts the very existence of women 's families at risk story: International Women 's Day is this coming Sunday , March eighth . Special events are being organized by the European Commission and individual nations in Europe , North America , and other parts of the world . Afghanistan has been at war for twenty years , leaving a large part of the country 's male population dead or in exile . An Afghan refugee in Switzerland , Homira Atimadi , is a senior official of a group called the International Working Group on Afghan Women . The group has branches in Pakistan , Iran , Europe , Australia , and North America . Ms. Atimadi says Afghan women have been victims of severe violations of human rights for the past twenty years and she says she sees no end to the misery . Ms. Atimadi says the war has created a nation of widows . Women have become the sole support of their families . Yet , the Taliban have  forbidden them to work . She says the plight of women in urban areas is greater than that which exists in rural parts of the country . In cities , such as the capital Kabul , women are totally dependent on international aid for survival . The aim is to bring in not only the focus on women 's right to education , access to work , but look beyond that and look at the roots of , uh of these problems . These are only the symptoms of the problems that are facing Afghanistan . For women in Afghanistan to be able to realize their rights , there have to be conditions of peace and justice . Ms. Atimadi says that is the primary focus of her group , peace and justice . 	answer: positive
event: Yet the Taliban forbidden them to work starts after She says this puts the very existence of women 's families at risk story: International Women 's Day is this coming Sunday , March eighth . Special events are being organized by the European Commission and individual nations in Europe , North America , and other parts of the world . Afghanistan has been at war for twenty years , leaving a large part of the country 's male population dead or in exile . An Afghan refugee in Switzerland , Homira Atimadi , is a senior official of a group called the International Working Group on Afghan Women . The group has branches in Pakistan , Iran , Europe , Australia , and North America . Ms. Atimadi says Afghan women have been victims of severe violations of human rights for the past twenty years and she says she sees no end to the misery . Ms. Atimadi says the war has created a nation of widows . Women have become the sole support of their families . Yet , the Taliban have  forbidden them to work . She says the plight of women in urban areas is greater than that which exists in rural parts of the country . In cities , such as the capital Kabul , women are totally dependent on international aid for survival . The aim is to bring in not only the focus on women 's right to education , access to work , but look beyond that and look at the roots of , uh of these problems . These are only the symptoms of the problems that are facing Afghanistan . For women in Afghanistan to be able to realize their rights , there have to be conditions of peace and justice . Ms. Atimadi says that is the primary focus of her group , peace and justice . 	answer: negative
event: The appointment takes effect Nov. 13 starts after James A. Taylor who stepped as chairman , president and chief executive in March for health reasons story: William C. Walbrecher Jr. , an executive at San Francisco - based 1st Nationwide Bank , was named president and chief executive officer of Citadel Holding Corp. and its principal operating unit , Fidelity Federal Bank . The appointment  takes effect Nov. 13 . He succeeds James A. Taylor , who  stepped down as chairman , president and chief executive in March for health reasons . Edward L. Kane succeeded Mr. Taylor as chairman . Separately , Citadel posted a third - quarter net loss of $ 2.3 million , or 68 cents a share , versus net income of $ 5.3 million , or $ 1.61 a share , a year earlier . The latest results include some unusual write - downs , which had an after - tax impact of $ 4.9 million . Those included costs associated with the potential Valley Federal Savings and Loan Association acquisition , which was terminated on Sept. 27 , 1989 . In addition , operating results were hit by an increase in loan and real estate loss reserves . In American Stock Exchange composite trading , Citadel shares closed yesterday at $ 45.75 , down 25 cents . 	answer: positive
event: The appointment takes effect Nov. 13 starts before James A. Taylor who stepped as chairman , president and chief executive in March for health reasons story: William C. Walbrecher Jr. , an executive at San Francisco - based 1st Nationwide Bank , was named president and chief executive officer of Citadel Holding Corp. and its principal operating unit , Fidelity Federal Bank . The appointment  takes effect Nov. 13 . He succeeds James A. Taylor , who  stepped down as chairman , president and chief executive in March for health reasons . Edward L. Kane succeeded Mr. Taylor as chairman . Separately , Citadel posted a third - quarter net loss of $ 2.3 million , or 68 cents a share , versus net income of $ 5.3 million , or $ 1.61 a share , a year earlier . The latest results include some unusual write - downs , which had an after - tax impact of $ 4.9 million . Those included costs associated with the potential Valley Federal Savings and Loan Association acquisition , which was terminated on Sept. 27 , 1989 . In addition , operating results were hit by an increase in loan and real estate loss reserves . In American Stock Exchange composite trading , Citadel shares closed yesterday at $ 45.75 , down 25 cents . 	answer: negative
event: they hoped the perpetrator was caught starts before Men smoking cigars and drinking beer with friends after shooting skeet at the Buffalo Shooting Club in Amherst said their feelings about abortion were mixed story: Just over an hour later , he was declared dead at nearby Millard Fillmore Suburban Hospital . For the most part , people on both sides of the abortion issue expressed outrage at the shooting . But one abortion opponent , the Rev. Donald Spitz , the founder of Pro - Life Virginia , described Slepian 's killer as a ` ` hero ' ' for ending the physician 's ` ` bloodthirsty practice . ' ' ` ` We as Christians have a responsibility to protect the innocent from being murdered , ' ' Whoever shot the shot protected the children . ' She said the rhetoric of the anti - abortion movement has helped lead to violent attacks against abortion providers . ` ` I think that when pro - life organizations try to distinguish between themselves and these incidents they are at best being disingenuous , ' ' she said . Many residents said abortion had gradually dwindled as a local issue since Operation Rescue , an anti - abortion group , started a series of largely unsuccessful ` ` Spring of Life ' ' demonstrations in 1992 intended to shut down abortion clinics and harass local doctors , including Slepian . Little of the vitriol that the issue aroused in the late 1980s and early 1990s remains , residents said , and many of the local religious leaders who led the 1992 protests have moved . ` ` The only people that are left are the hard - core , fanatical people , ' ' said Larry Finkelstien , a high school teacher who works as an escort at abortion clinics . 	answer: positive
event: they hoped the perpetrator was caught starts after Men smoking cigars and drinking beer with friends after shooting skeet at the Buffalo Shooting Club in Amherst said their feelings about abortion were mixed story: Just over an hour later , he was declared dead at nearby Millard Fillmore Suburban Hospital . For the most part , people on both sides of the abortion issue expressed outrage at the shooting . But one abortion opponent , the Rev. Donald Spitz , the founder of Pro - Life Virginia , described Slepian 's killer as a ` ` hero ' ' for ending the physician 's ` ` bloodthirsty practice . ' ' ` ` We as Christians have a responsibility to protect the innocent from being murdered , ' ' Whoever shot the shot protected the children . ' She said the rhetoric of the anti - abortion movement has helped lead to violent attacks against abortion providers . ` ` I think that when pro - life organizations try to distinguish between themselves and these incidents they are at best being disingenuous , ' ' she said . Many residents said abortion had gradually dwindled as a local issue since Operation Rescue , an anti - abortion group , started a series of largely unsuccessful ` ` Spring of Life ' ' demonstrations in 1992 intended to shut down abortion clinics and harass local doctors , including Slepian . Little of the vitriol that the issue aroused in the late 1980s and early 1990s remains , residents said , and many of the local religious leaders who led the 1992 protests have moved . ` ` The only people that are left are the hard - core , fanatical people , ' ' said Larry Finkelstien , a high school teacher who works as an escort at abortion clinics . 	answer: negative
event: The Supreme Court took a detour this week from the core principle of gender fairness it vindicated two years ago in its ruling invalidating the use of sexual stereotypes to justify denying women admission to the Virginia Military Institute starts before By a 6 - 3 vote the court upheld a discriminatory immigration law that gives a child born overseas to an unmarried American woman a better chance at citizenship than a child born to an unmarried American man story: The New York Times said in an editorial on Saturday , April 25 : But the child of an unwed American father has no citizenship rights unless the father takes the affirmative step of acknowledging paternity and formally agrees to provide support until the child turns 18 . The majority 's views were expressed in three separate opinions , the most disquieting of which was written by a liberal member , Justice John Paul Stevens , and joined by a conservative , Chief Justice William Rehnquist . The opinion , which found the gender distinction reasonable , relied heavily on outmoded generalities about family roles , including the flawed presumption that mothers have a closer relationship to their children than fathers do . As Justice Stephen Breyer asked in a strong dissent , ` ` what sense does it make ' ' to apply citizenship barriers ` ` only to fathers and not to mothers in today 's world _ where paternity can readily be proved and where women and men both are likely to earn a living in the workplace ? ' ' . The Justice Department , which supported the statute , did not cover itself with glory either . The department retreated from its position in the VMI case when it argued that the government could not make policy based on stereotypes ` ` even when those stereotypes reflect current realities . ' ' As for the court , it managed with its splintered ruling to cast doubt both on the constitutionality of the immigration provisions it upheld and on its true commitment to fighting gender stereotypes . 	answer: positive
event: The Supreme Court took a detour this week from the core principle of gender fairness it vindicated two years ago in its ruling invalidating the use of sexual stereotypes to justify denying women admission to the Virginia Military Institute starts after By a 6 - 3 vote the court upheld a discriminatory immigration law that gives a child born overseas to an unmarried American woman a better chance at citizenship than a child born to an unmarried American man story: The New York Times said in an editorial on Saturday , April 25 : But the child of an unwed American father has no citizenship rights unless the father takes the affirmative step of acknowledging paternity and formally agrees to provide support until the child turns 18 . The majority 's views were expressed in three separate opinions , the most disquieting of which was written by a liberal member , Justice John Paul Stevens , and joined by a conservative , Chief Justice William Rehnquist . The opinion , which found the gender distinction reasonable , relied heavily on outmoded generalities about family roles , including the flawed presumption that mothers have a closer relationship to their children than fathers do . As Justice Stephen Breyer asked in a strong dissent , ` ` what sense does it make ' ' to apply citizenship barriers ` ` only to fathers and not to mothers in today 's world _ where paternity can readily be proved and where women and men both are likely to earn a living in the workplace ? ' ' . The Justice Department , which supported the statute , did not cover itself with glory either . The department retreated from its position in the VMI case when it argued that the government could not make policy based on stereotypes ` ` even when those stereotypes reflect current realities . ' ' As for the court , it managed with its splintered ruling to cast doubt both on the constitutionality of the immigration provisions it upheld and on its true commitment to fighting gender stereotypes . 	answer: negative
event: the DAX dropped Friday more on a lack of any substantial buying interest starts after many professional traders chosen to square positions ahead of the weekend story: London share prices closed sharply lower Friday in active trading after Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson 's resignation slapped the market and Wall Street 's rapid initial sell - off knocked it down . He attributed the unusually high volume to broad - based selling on fears that the Thatcher government may be in turmoil and Britain 's Labor Party positioned to regain control of the government and renew efforts at nationalization . British Petroleum fell 5 to 286 on 14 million shares traded . Dealers said the multinational oil company was pressured by recent brokerage recommendations urging investors to switch into Shell Trading amp Transport . Among the other actively traded blue - chip issues , Imperial Chemical Industries dropped 11 to # 10.86 , Hanson skidded 9.5 to 200.5 , and British Telecom fell 10 to 250 . In Tokyo , stocks closed lower but above intraday lows in active trading . In early trading in Tokyo Monday , the Nikkei index fell 148.85 points to 35378.44 . Traders said the continued turbulence in other markets , coupled with the drop in London following the Lawson resignation , were responsible . They said contributing to the downward drift was the fact that many professional traders had  chosen to square positions ahead of the weekend . If you take away the outside influences , the market itself looks very cheap . Traders said the market remains extremely nervous because of the wild swings seen on the New York Stock Exchange last week . The British shakeup was widely cited for the declines . Share prices also closed lower in Sydney , Hong Kong , Singapore , Taipei , Manila , Wellington and Seoul . The percentage change is since year - end . 	answer: positive
event: the DAX dropped Friday more on a lack of any substantial buying interest starts before many professional traders chosen to square positions ahead of the weekend story: London share prices closed sharply lower Friday in active trading after Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson 's resignation slapped the market and Wall Street 's rapid initial sell - off knocked it down . He attributed the unusually high volume to broad - based selling on fears that the Thatcher government may be in turmoil and Britain 's Labor Party positioned to regain control of the government and renew efforts at nationalization . British Petroleum fell 5 to 286 on 14 million shares traded . Dealers said the multinational oil company was pressured by recent brokerage recommendations urging investors to switch into Shell Trading amp Transport . Among the other actively traded blue - chip issues , Imperial Chemical Industries dropped 11 to # 10.86 , Hanson skidded 9.5 to 200.5 , and British Telecom fell 10 to 250 . In Tokyo , stocks closed lower but above intraday lows in active trading . In early trading in Tokyo Monday , the Nikkei index fell 148.85 points to 35378.44 . Traders said the continued turbulence in other markets , coupled with the drop in London following the Lawson resignation , were responsible . They said contributing to the downward drift was the fact that many professional traders had  chosen to square positions ahead of the weekend . If you take away the outside influences , the market itself looks very cheap . Traders said the market remains extremely nervous because of the wild swings seen on the New York Stock Exchange last week . The British shakeup was widely cited for the declines . Share prices also closed lower in Sydney , Hong Kong , Singapore , Taipei , Manila , Wellington and Seoul . The percentage change is since year - end . 	answer: negative
event: Cilcorp Inc. , Peoria , Ill. , said it agreed to acquire the environmental consulting and analytical service businesses of Hunter Environmental Services Inc. of Southport starts before Conn. The utility holding company said Hunter will receive 390,000 shares of a new series of Cilcorp convertible preferred stock with a face value of $ 39 million for the businesses story: Cilcorp Inc. , Peoria , Ill. ,  said it agreed to acquire the environmental consulting and analytical service businesses of Hunter Environmental Services Inc. of Southport , Conn. The utility holding company  said Hunter will receive 390,000 shares of a new series of Cilcorp convertible preferred stock with a face value of $ 39 million for the businesses . Cilcorp will also assume $ 22 million of Hunter 's existing debt . As part of the agreement , Cilcorp said it will pay Hunter $ 4 million in exchange for agreements not to compete . Cilcorp said the businesses to be acquired had revenue of $ 76 million for the year ended March 31 . Separately , Cilcorp said it plans to purchase as many as 1.4 million shares , or 10 % of its common stock outstanding from time to time on the open market and through privately negotiated transactions . The company , which currently has 13.5 million common shares outstanding , said it has no specific plans for the shares . 	answer: positive
event: Cilcorp Inc. , Peoria , Ill. , said it agreed to acquire the environmental consulting and analytical service businesses of Hunter Environmental Services Inc. of Southport starts after Conn. The utility holding company said Hunter will receive 390,000 shares of a new series of Cilcorp convertible preferred stock with a face value of $ 39 million for the businesses story: Cilcorp Inc. , Peoria , Ill. ,  said it agreed to acquire the environmental consulting and analytical service businesses of Hunter Environmental Services Inc. of Southport , Conn. The utility holding company  said Hunter will receive 390,000 shares of a new series of Cilcorp convertible preferred stock with a face value of $ 39 million for the businesses . Cilcorp will also assume $ 22 million of Hunter 's existing debt . As part of the agreement , Cilcorp said it will pay Hunter $ 4 million in exchange for agreements not to compete . Cilcorp said the businesses to be acquired had revenue of $ 76 million for the year ended March 31 . Separately , Cilcorp said it plans to purchase as many as 1.4 million shares , or 10 % of its common stock outstanding from time to time on the open market and through privately negotiated transactions . The company , which currently has 13.5 million common shares outstanding , said it has no specific plans for the shares . 	answer: negative
event: Last week FBI Director Louis Freeh on an official visit to Mexico asked Mexican authorities to join the hunt for Kopp starts after Kopp driven to Mexico by a female friend after the shooting story: Preliminary DNA tests link a missing anti - abortion activist to a strand of hair found near where a sniper shot and killed a Buffalo , N.Y. , doctor who performed abortions , a law enforcement official said Friday . The FBI is conducting further DNA tests of the hair found outside Dr. Slepian 's home . This more extensive set of tests could enable officials to declare an absolute match between the two hair strands , the first law enforcement official said . The official said the hair was in a cap that authorities found very near the location from which the sniper is thought to have fired the rifle bullet that killed Slepian as he stood in the kitchen of his home in the Buffalo suburb of Amherst , Last week , FBI Director Louis Freeh , on an official visit to Mexico ,  asked Mexican authorities to join the hunt for Kopp , federal officials have said . They believe Kopp was  driven to Mexico by a female friend after the shooting , and have a trail of her credit card receipts leading to Mexico , the federal officials have said . In addition , a Customs Service videotape from a border crossing point shows the woman 's car returning from Mexico , these officials said . Authorities obtained a material - witness arrest warrant for Kopp after they said Kopp 's car was spotted in Amherst in the weeks before Slepian was killed . The car had been in the long - term lot for about two weeks , said Greg Trevor , a spokesman for the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey . 	answer: positive
event: Last week FBI Director Louis Freeh on an official visit to Mexico asked Mexican authorities to join the hunt for Kopp starts before Kopp driven to Mexico by a female friend after the shooting story: Preliminary DNA tests link a missing anti - abortion activist to a strand of hair found near where a sniper shot and killed a Buffalo , N.Y. , doctor who performed abortions , a law enforcement official said Friday . The FBI is conducting further DNA tests of the hair found outside Dr. Slepian 's home . This more extensive set of tests could enable officials to declare an absolute match between the two hair strands , the first law enforcement official said . The official said the hair was in a cap that authorities found very near the location from which the sniper is thought to have fired the rifle bullet that killed Slepian as he stood in the kitchen of his home in the Buffalo suburb of Amherst , Last week , FBI Director Louis Freeh , on an official visit to Mexico ,  asked Mexican authorities to join the hunt for Kopp , federal officials have said . They believe Kopp was  driven to Mexico by a female friend after the shooting , and have a trail of her credit card receipts leading to Mexico , the federal officials have said . In addition , a Customs Service videotape from a border crossing point shows the woman 's car returning from Mexico , these officials said . Authorities obtained a material - witness arrest warrant for Kopp after they said Kopp 's car was spotted in Amherst in the weeks before Slepian was killed . The car had been in the long - term lot for about two weeks , said Greg Trevor , a spokesman for the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey . 	answer: negative
event: psychologists selected by Lazaro Gonzalez 's family starts before Meantime the possibility of a meeting between Attorney General Janet Reno and Lazaro Gonzalez 's family reemerged Thursday story: ` ` We will look at that , try to make some kind of factual determination and then decide what steps , if any , need to be taken . ' ' In addition , the department is still considering a request last week from Elian 's father in Cuba , Juan Miguel Gonzalez , to have Elian 's temporary custody shifted from his great - uncle Lazaro Gonzalez to another great - uncle , Manolo Gonzalez . Meantime , the possibility of a meeting between Attorney General Janet Reno and Lazaro Gonzalez 's family  reemerged Thursday . Reno agreed to a meeting earlier this week , only to have Lazaro Gonzalez 's family withdraw the request . My family is a very close family , ' ' she said . Another cousin , Georgina Cid , said Elian 's father had intended to flee Cuba himself , but was being coerced by the Castro government to stay and make certain statements . ` ` He wanted to reunite with his son -- but not in Cuba , ' ' Cid said . Speaker after speaker denounced the United States and extolled the virtues of Cuba 's communist revolution . ' The newspaper of Cuba 's Communist Party , daily Gramma , published a letter Thursday from Elian 's grandmothers to Reno and Immigration and Naturalization Service Commissioner Doris Meissner asking for Elian 's return . ` ` No material good exists that can compete with the value of the family , and it is humiliating for us that people are still questioning our love and the future that awaits Elian at his home , ' ' said a Spanish version of the letter , dated Feb. 4 . 	answer: positive
event: psychologists selected by Lazaro Gonzalez 's family starts after Meantime the possibility of a meeting between Attorney General Janet Reno and Lazaro Gonzalez 's family reemerged Thursday story: ` ` We will look at that , try to make some kind of factual determination and then decide what steps , if any , need to be taken . ' ' In addition , the department is still considering a request last week from Elian 's father in Cuba , Juan Miguel Gonzalez , to have Elian 's temporary custody shifted from his great - uncle Lazaro Gonzalez to another great - uncle , Manolo Gonzalez . Meantime , the possibility of a meeting between Attorney General Janet Reno and Lazaro Gonzalez 's family  reemerged Thursday . Reno agreed to a meeting earlier this week , only to have Lazaro Gonzalez 's family withdraw the request . My family is a very close family , ' ' she said . Another cousin , Georgina Cid , said Elian 's father had intended to flee Cuba himself , but was being coerced by the Castro government to stay and make certain statements . ` ` He wanted to reunite with his son -- but not in Cuba , ' ' Cid said . Speaker after speaker denounced the United States and extolled the virtues of Cuba 's communist revolution . ' The newspaper of Cuba 's Communist Party , daily Gramma , published a letter Thursday from Elian 's grandmothers to Reno and Immigration and Naturalization Service Commissioner Doris Meissner asking for Elian 's return . ` ` No material good exists that can compete with the value of the family , and it is humiliating for us that people are still questioning our love and the future that awaits Elian at his home , ' ' said a Spanish version of the letter , dated Feb. 4 . 	answer: negative
event: The FBI put alleged terrorist mastermind Osama Bin Laden and anti - abortion activist and accused doctor killer James Charles Kopp on the bureau 's list of the Ten Most Wanted fugitives Monday starts before the U.S. government offering a reward of up to $ 5 million for information that leads to the arrest and conviction of Bin Laden , indicted as the architect of the twin bombings of American embassies in Kenya and Tanzania story: WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- The FBI  put alleged terrorist mastermind Osama Bin Laden and anti - abortion activist and accused doctor killer James Charles Kopp on the bureau 's list of the Ten Most Wanted fugitives Monday . The standard $ 50,000 reward for information leading to a listed fugitive 's capture comes on top of a $ 500,000 reward announced earlier by Attorney General Janet Reno , plus a $ 100,000 award offered previously by the FBI . They also have in common locations unknown to the authorities . Kopp , meanwhile , may have approached the border with Mexico , but it is unknown whether he crossed into that country , said Freeh . State Department international security director Dave Carpenter said that placing Bin Laden on the most - wanted list ` ` underscores the unwavering commitment ' ' by the United States ` ` to fight terrorism . ' On the FBI list , Bin Laden and Kopp replace two former Libyan intelligence agents charged in the Dec. 21 , 1988 , bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 that killed 259 people on the plane and 11 on the ground in Lockerbie , Scotland . Since then , 427 fugitives have been taken into custody or located , 133 of them as a result of citizen assistance , the FBI said . Kopp wears eyeglasses , walks with a slight limp , is 5 feet , 10 inches tall and weighs 150 to 175 pounds . Prior to the Slepian 's shooting , Kopp had traveled the country and world , authorities said . He has used 29 aliases , Freeh said . 	answer: positive
event: The FBI put alleged terrorist mastermind Osama Bin Laden and anti - abortion activist and accused doctor killer James Charles Kopp on the bureau 's list of the Ten Most Wanted fugitives Monday starts after the U.S. government offering a reward of up to $ 5 million for information that leads to the arrest and conviction of Bin Laden , indicted as the architect of the twin bombings of American embassies in Kenya and Tanzania story: WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- The FBI  put alleged terrorist mastermind Osama Bin Laden and anti - abortion activist and accused doctor killer James Charles Kopp on the bureau 's list of the Ten Most Wanted fugitives Monday . The standard $ 50,000 reward for information leading to a listed fugitive 's capture comes on top of a $ 500,000 reward announced earlier by Attorney General Janet Reno , plus a $ 100,000 award offered previously by the FBI . They also have in common locations unknown to the authorities . Kopp , meanwhile , may have approached the border with Mexico , but it is unknown whether he crossed into that country , said Freeh . State Department international security director Dave Carpenter said that placing Bin Laden on the most - wanted list ` ` underscores the unwavering commitment ' ' by the United States ` ` to fight terrorism . ' On the FBI list , Bin Laden and Kopp replace two former Libyan intelligence agents charged in the Dec. 21 , 1988 , bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 that killed 259 people on the plane and 11 on the ground in Lockerbie , Scotland . Since then , 427 fugitives have been taken into custody or located , 133 of them as a result of citizen assistance , the FBI said . Kopp wears eyeglasses , walks with a slight limp , is 5 feet , 10 inches tall and weighs 150 to 175 pounds . Prior to the Slepian 's shooting , Kopp had traveled the country and world , authorities said . He has used 29 aliases , Freeh said . 	answer: negative
event: In Dar es Salaam she laid a wreath next to the crater left by the embassy blast that killed 10 people starts before Then she handed a folded American flag to U.S. Marines story: U.S. Secretary of State Madeleine Albright paid tribute Tuesday to bombing victims and embassy staffers on a whirlwind visit to East Africa , and promised to track down the perpetrators . FBI agents , meanwhile , pushed ahead with their all - out investigation into the bombings . She was scheduled to lay flowers at the bombed embassy , talk to Kenyan embassy guards and others who survived the blast and meet with President Daniel arap Moi in a five - hour visit before returning home . Then she  handed a folded American flag to U.S. Marines and , wearing a white construction hard hat , toured the damage inside . Reporters also were allowed inside for the first time since the explosion and found broken glass and smashed furniture scattered throughout the embassy . ` ` I am truly in the presence of heroes . ' ' Albright told the foreign minister the American people share in the profound sorrow of the Tanzanians and said the United States will maintain its presence throughout Africa and throughout the world . ` ` These bombings will not cause America to back down or retreat , ' ' she declared . The head of the FBI investigation in Dar es Salaam , Kenneth Piernick , said the bureau has questioned more than 100 people there , but indicated that most of the interrogations had led nowhere . In Nairobi , a top Kenyan police official denied a newspaper report that more arrests had been made there . Officials said last week that six people were in custody for questioning about the bombing . _ left Pakistan today on orders from Washington following a ` ` pattern of threats ' ' against Americans there since the Africa bombings . 	answer: positive
event: In Dar es Salaam she laid a wreath next to the crater left by the embassy blast that killed 10 people starts after Then she handed a folded American flag to U.S. Marines story: U.S. Secretary of State Madeleine Albright paid tribute Tuesday to bombing victims and embassy staffers on a whirlwind visit to East Africa , and promised to track down the perpetrators . FBI agents , meanwhile , pushed ahead with their all - out investigation into the bombings . She was scheduled to lay flowers at the bombed embassy , talk to Kenyan embassy guards and others who survived the blast and meet with President Daniel arap Moi in a five - hour visit before returning home . Then she  handed a folded American flag to U.S. Marines and , wearing a white construction hard hat , toured the damage inside . Reporters also were allowed inside for the first time since the explosion and found broken glass and smashed furniture scattered throughout the embassy . ` ` I am truly in the presence of heroes . ' ' Albright told the foreign minister the American people share in the profound sorrow of the Tanzanians and said the United States will maintain its presence throughout Africa and throughout the world . ` ` These bombings will not cause America to back down or retreat , ' ' she declared . The head of the FBI investigation in Dar es Salaam , Kenneth Piernick , said the bureau has questioned more than 100 people there , but indicated that most of the interrogations had led nowhere . In Nairobi , a top Kenyan police official denied a newspaper report that more arrests had been made there . Officials said last week that six people were in custody for questioning about the bombing . _ left Pakistan today on orders from Washington following a ` ` pattern of threats ' ' against Americans there since the Africa bombings . 	answer: negative
event: they trying to eliminate the pro - independence Kosovo Liberation Army and restore order starts after At least 51 people reported killed in clashes between Serb police and ethnic Albanians in the troubled region in recent days story: ISTANBUL , Turkey ( AP ) _ Some 1,500 ethnic Albanians marched Sunday in downtown Istanbul , burning Serbian flags to protest the killings of ethnic Albanians by Serb police in southern Serb Kosovo province . The police barred the crowd from reaching the Yugoslavian consulate in downtown Istanbul , but allowed them to demonstrate on nearby streets . ` ` Stop the bloodshed in Kosovo , ' ' the protesters chanted . Meanwhile in the capital , Ankara , a few hundred ethnic Albanians laid a black wreath at the gate of Yugoslavian embassy . Ethnic Albanians comprise 90 percent of the population in Kosovo , but Serbs maintain control through a large military and police presence . Serbian police say they are  trying to eliminate the pro - independence Kosovo Liberation Army and restore order . At least 51 people were  reported killed in clashes between Serb police and ethnic Albanians in the troubled region in recent days . Turkey , worried about civil war in Kosovo spilling to the whole Balkans , urged all Balkan states to sign a joint declaration that the Kosovo crisis be solved peacefully and without any change of borders . Turks feel they have special ties to the whole region , which they ruled for hundreds of years during the Ottoman Empire . They also share Islam with the ethnic Albanians . 	answer: positive
event: they trying to eliminate the pro - independence Kosovo Liberation Army and restore order starts before At least 51 people reported killed in clashes between Serb police and ethnic Albanians in the troubled region in recent days story: ISTANBUL , Turkey ( AP ) _ Some 1,500 ethnic Albanians marched Sunday in downtown Istanbul , burning Serbian flags to protest the killings of ethnic Albanians by Serb police in southern Serb Kosovo province . The police barred the crowd from reaching the Yugoslavian consulate in downtown Istanbul , but allowed them to demonstrate on nearby streets . ` ` Stop the bloodshed in Kosovo , ' ' the protesters chanted . Meanwhile in the capital , Ankara , a few hundred ethnic Albanians laid a black wreath at the gate of Yugoslavian embassy . Ethnic Albanians comprise 90 percent of the population in Kosovo , but Serbs maintain control through a large military and police presence . Serbian police say they are  trying to eliminate the pro - independence Kosovo Liberation Army and restore order . At least 51 people were  reported killed in clashes between Serb police and ethnic Albanians in the troubled region in recent days . Turkey , worried about civil war in Kosovo spilling to the whole Balkans , urged all Balkan states to sign a joint declaration that the Kosovo crisis be solved peacefully and without any change of borders . Turks feel they have special ties to the whole region , which they ruled for hundreds of years during the Ottoman Empire . They also share Islam with the ethnic Albanians . 	answer: negative
event: In fiscal 1988 the company earned $ 17.3 million , or $ 1.92 a share , on revenue of $ 352.9 million starts before Oshkosh Truck attributed the downturn in its earnings to higher start - up costs of its new chassis division , a softer motor - home market and higher administrative costs of compliance with government contractor regulations story: Oshkosh Truck Corp. , Oshkosh , Wis. , estimated earnings for its fourth quarter ended Sept. 30 fell 50 % to 75 % below the year - earlier $ 4.5 million , or 51 cents a share . The truck maker said the significant drop in net income will result in lower earnings for the fiscal year . In fiscal 1988 , the company  earned $ 17.3 million , or $ 1.92 a share , on revenue of $ 352.9 million . Oshkosh Truck  attributed the downturn in its earnings to higher start - up costs of its new chassis division , a softer motor - home market and higher administrative costs of compliance with government contractor regulations . The company said it is in the process of phasing out John Deere , its current source of production for midsized motor home chassis . In anticipation of the start - up of its new factory , the company said a larger - than - normal chassis supply has been built to carry it through the transition period . 	answer: positive
event: In fiscal 1988 the company earned $ 17.3 million , or $ 1.92 a share , on revenue of $ 352.9 million starts after Oshkosh Truck attributed the downturn in its earnings to higher start - up costs of its new chassis division , a softer motor - home market and higher administrative costs of compliance with government contractor regulations story: Oshkosh Truck Corp. , Oshkosh , Wis. , estimated earnings for its fourth quarter ended Sept. 30 fell 50 % to 75 % below the year - earlier $ 4.5 million , or 51 cents a share . The truck maker said the significant drop in net income will result in lower earnings for the fiscal year . In fiscal 1988 , the company  earned $ 17.3 million , or $ 1.92 a share , on revenue of $ 352.9 million . Oshkosh Truck  attributed the downturn in its earnings to higher start - up costs of its new chassis division , a softer motor - home market and higher administrative costs of compliance with government contractor regulations . The company said it is in the process of phasing out John Deere , its current source of production for midsized motor home chassis . In anticipation of the start - up of its new factory , the company said a larger - than - normal chassis supply has been built to carry it through the transition period . 	answer: negative
event: when the bomb went killing 247 people and wounding more than 5,000 others starts before On Wednesday Bushnell and Kimotho met again to finish their discussion story: NAIROBI , Kenya ( AP ) _ U.S. Ambassador Prudence Bushnell wrapped up some unfinished business on Wednesday , meeting with Kenya 's trade minister to finish talks that were interrupted by the car bombing of the embassy . On Aug. 7 , Bushnell , Trade Minister Joseph Kimotho and others had just ended a news conference in a building adjacent to the embassy . They were talking when the bomb  went off , killing 247 people and wounding more than 5,000 others . On Wednesday , Bushnell and Kimotho  met again to finish their discussion , Bushnell told Kenya Television . The ambassador was cut on her lip and hands in the blast , which damaged the embassy , shattered the glass shell of the 22-story Cooperative Bank House and toppled the six - story Ufundi House . Bushnell continued with her duties throughout the subsequent search and rescue at the blast scene , memorials for those slain , and the relocation to a temporary embassy . Kimotho , who was hospitalized with a head wound , said he and Bushnell had been talking about the slated visit of U.S. Commerce Secretary William Daley in September . His trip is still on , the embassy said . The blast in Nairobi occurred at almost exactly the same moment as an explosion ripped through the American Embassy in Tanzania 's commercial capital Dar es Salaam . The death toll in the Tanzania blast , initially 10 , has risen to 12 , hospital officials and family members said Wednesday . That brought the toll for both bombings to 259 . 	answer: positive
event: when the bomb went killing 247 people and wounding more than 5,000 others starts after On Wednesday Bushnell and Kimotho met again to finish their discussion story: NAIROBI , Kenya ( AP ) _ U.S. Ambassador Prudence Bushnell wrapped up some unfinished business on Wednesday , meeting with Kenya 's trade minister to finish talks that were interrupted by the car bombing of the embassy . On Aug. 7 , Bushnell , Trade Minister Joseph Kimotho and others had just ended a news conference in a building adjacent to the embassy . They were talking when the bomb  went off , killing 247 people and wounding more than 5,000 others . On Wednesday , Bushnell and Kimotho  met again to finish their discussion , Bushnell told Kenya Television . The ambassador was cut on her lip and hands in the blast , which damaged the embassy , shattered the glass shell of the 22-story Cooperative Bank House and toppled the six - story Ufundi House . Bushnell continued with her duties throughout the subsequent search and rescue at the blast scene , memorials for those slain , and the relocation to a temporary embassy . Kimotho , who was hospitalized with a head wound , said he and Bushnell had been talking about the slated visit of U.S. Commerce Secretary William Daley in September . His trip is still on , the embassy said . The blast in Nairobi occurred at almost exactly the same moment as an explosion ripped through the American Embassy in Tanzania 's commercial capital Dar es Salaam . The death toll in the Tanzania blast , initially 10 , has risen to 12 , hospital officials and family members said Wednesday . That brought the toll for both bombings to 259 . 	answer: negative
event: They arrested two men in connection with the bomb factory , which also contained circuitry , detonating cord and the Mitsubishi truck that would have carried the bomb starts after The British and Irish governments which cosponsor the multi - party talks that are supposed to conclude by May story: _ Extremists have bombed two predominantly pro - British Protestant towns and fired mortar shells at a police station since Sinn Fein was expelled from peace talks on Feb. 20 in punishment for two killings blamed on the Irish Republican Army . But Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams kept his party out pending meetings with British Prime Minister Tony Blair 10 days ago and President Clinton last week . Adams said Sunday . Adams said , adding : ` ` Nationalists want to move towards Irish unity and see this process as a bridge in that direction . ' ' They say IRA commanders are responsible for the recent bomb attacks . Also Sunday , more than 2,000 Catholic protesters rallied in Portadown against the annual parades by the Orange Order , Northern Ireland 's dominant Protestant fraternal group . The crucible is Portadown , 30 miles ( 50 kms ) southwest of Belfast , where Orangemen march each July from their rural church back downtown _ through the town 's main Catholic area . ` ` Small nationalist communities are not going to be left on their own this summer , ' ' said Gerard Rice , a former IRA prisoner who leads anti - Orange protests in a Catholic neighborhood of south Belfast . Earlier Sunday , police and militant Protestants clashed in a religiously polarized part of north Belfast . Police said an unmarked police car was hit with gasoline bombs from the Protestant side . Riot police responded with a volley of plastic bullets that scattered a 50-strong mob . An elderly Catholic man was hospitalized from cuts after a Protestant gasoline bomb landed in his back yard . Police arrested six Protestants on suspicion of rioting . ( sp / eml ) 	answer: positive
event: They arrested two men in connection with the bomb factory , which also contained circuitry , detonating cord and the Mitsubishi truck that would have carried the bomb starts before The British and Irish governments which cosponsor the multi - party talks that are supposed to conclude by May story: _ Extremists have bombed two predominantly pro - British Protestant towns and fired mortar shells at a police station since Sinn Fein was expelled from peace talks on Feb. 20 in punishment for two killings blamed on the Irish Republican Army . But Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams kept his party out pending meetings with British Prime Minister Tony Blair 10 days ago and President Clinton last week . Adams said Sunday . Adams said , adding : ` ` Nationalists want to move towards Irish unity and see this process as a bridge in that direction . ' ' They say IRA commanders are responsible for the recent bomb attacks . Also Sunday , more than 2,000 Catholic protesters rallied in Portadown against the annual parades by the Orange Order , Northern Ireland 's dominant Protestant fraternal group . The crucible is Portadown , 30 miles ( 50 kms ) southwest of Belfast , where Orangemen march each July from their rural church back downtown _ through the town 's main Catholic area . ` ` Small nationalist communities are not going to be left on their own this summer , ' ' said Gerard Rice , a former IRA prisoner who leads anti - Orange protests in a Catholic neighborhood of south Belfast . Earlier Sunday , police and militant Protestants clashed in a religiously polarized part of north Belfast . Police said an unmarked police car was hit with gasoline bombs from the Protestant side . Riot police responded with a volley of plastic bullets that scattered a 50-strong mob . An elderly Catholic man was hospitalized from cuts after a Protestant gasoline bomb landed in his back yard . Police arrested six Protestants on suspicion of rioting . ( sp / eml ) 	answer: negative
event: discuss how much oil to pump starts after The minister denied the kingdom had notified story: Iraq said the roundup was to protect them from unspecified threats ; British Foreign Office minister William Waldegrave called the order ` ` grave and sinister . ' ' ` ` What we fear is that they will be interned somewhere , most likely in Iraq , ' ' Waldegrave said . A total of about 3,000 Americans , 3,000 Britons and more than 450 Japanese are in Iraq and Kuwait . ` ` We do n't just arrive , ' ' said four - star Gen. John Dailey , assistant commandant of the U.S. Marine Corps . They are aided by Britain , West Germany , Australia , Canada , the Netherlands and Belgium . That could include firing across the bow to halt a ship . In Kuwait , the Iraqis have rimmed the capital city with an air - defense system , according to a U.S. official who spoke on the condition of anonymity . The Iraqis also possess chemical weapons . Bush 's chief objective in his meeting with Hussein was to press the king to shut down Iraq 's food and oil supply route from Aqaba on the Red Sea . A day earlier , scores of trucks , many with Iraqi license plates , streamed north out of Aqaba to Amman and onto the desert highway bound for Iraq . Reports attributed to the Japanese foreign ministry said Saudi Arabia told U.S. , European and Japanese oil companies of a 15 - 20 percent cutback in its oil supply in September . There was no independent confirmation of the report by the government - run news agency , which did not say when the reported attempt occurred . 	answer: positive
event: discuss how much oil to pump starts before The minister denied the kingdom had notified story: Iraq said the roundup was to protect them from unspecified threats ; British Foreign Office minister William Waldegrave called the order ` ` grave and sinister . ' ' ` ` What we fear is that they will be interned somewhere , most likely in Iraq , ' ' Waldegrave said . A total of about 3,000 Americans , 3,000 Britons and more than 450 Japanese are in Iraq and Kuwait . ` ` We do n't just arrive , ' ' said four - star Gen. John Dailey , assistant commandant of the U.S. Marine Corps . They are aided by Britain , West Germany , Australia , Canada , the Netherlands and Belgium . That could include firing across the bow to halt a ship . In Kuwait , the Iraqis have rimmed the capital city with an air - defense system , according to a U.S. official who spoke on the condition of anonymity . The Iraqis also possess chemical weapons . Bush 's chief objective in his meeting with Hussein was to press the king to shut down Iraq 's food and oil supply route from Aqaba on the Red Sea . A day earlier , scores of trucks , many with Iraqi license plates , streamed north out of Aqaba to Amman and onto the desert highway bound for Iraq . Reports attributed to the Japanese foreign ministry said Saudi Arabia told U.S. , European and Japanese oil companies of a 15 - 20 percent cutback in its oil supply in September . There was no independent confirmation of the report by the government - run news agency , which did not say when the reported attempt occurred . 	answer: negative
event: Just ahead of Albright 's one - day trip the State Department on Sunday issued an updated ` ` worldwide caution ' ' to U.S. travelers in the aftermath of the Aug. 7 bombings at American embassies in Kenya and Tanzania and because of fresh threats to U.S. interests abroad starts before An accompanying statement specifically warned against all travel to Pakistan story: DAR ES SALAAM , Tanzania ( AP ) U.S. Secretary of State Madeleine Albright headed Tuesday to East Africa , seeking to demonstrate American support after the bombings that targeted U.S. embassies , but mostly claimed African lives . ` ` To America 's embassy personnel in Nairobi and Dar es Salaam , I will bring a message of solidarity in their sorrow , admiration for their courage and support for their continued efforts on behalf of our country , ' ' Albright , after a 16-hour flight , is scheduled to spend only five hours on the ground in Dar es Salaam , Tanzania , her first stop Tuesday morning , and then about 5 1/2 hours in Nairobi , Kenya , later in the day before returning immediately home . Some Kenyans have complained that after the Nairobi bombing , rescuers gave priority to finding American victims and to protecting evidence at the expense of saving African lives . On Friday , when Albright set aside vacation plans for the hastily planned trip to East Africa , the State Department lifted a warning against travel to Kenya , whose economy relies heavily on foreign visitors , to further ease any strain in the aftermath of the tragedy . Just ahead of Albright 's one - day trip , the State Department on Sunday  issued an updated ` ` worldwide caution ' ' to U.S. travelers in the aftermath of the Aug. 7 bombings at American embassies in Kenya and Tanzania and because of fresh threats to U.S. interests abroad . The warnings came after Pakistan handed over to Kenyan officials a suspect in the U.S. Embassy bombings , Mohammed Saddiq Odeh , also known as Mohammad Sadiq Howaida and Abdull Bast Awadh . 	answer: positive
event: Just ahead of Albright 's one - day trip the State Department on Sunday issued an updated ` ` worldwide caution ' ' to U.S. travelers in the aftermath of the Aug. 7 bombings at American embassies in Kenya and Tanzania and because of fresh threats to U.S. interests abroad starts after An accompanying statement specifically warned against all travel to Pakistan story: DAR ES SALAAM , Tanzania ( AP ) U.S. Secretary of State Madeleine Albright headed Tuesday to East Africa , seeking to demonstrate American support after the bombings that targeted U.S. embassies , but mostly claimed African lives . ` ` To America 's embassy personnel in Nairobi and Dar es Salaam , I will bring a message of solidarity in their sorrow , admiration for their courage and support for their continued efforts on behalf of our country , ' ' Albright , after a 16-hour flight , is scheduled to spend only five hours on the ground in Dar es Salaam , Tanzania , her first stop Tuesday morning , and then about 5 1/2 hours in Nairobi , Kenya , later in the day before returning immediately home . Some Kenyans have complained that after the Nairobi bombing , rescuers gave priority to finding American victims and to protecting evidence at the expense of saving African lives . On Friday , when Albright set aside vacation plans for the hastily planned trip to East Africa , the State Department lifted a warning against travel to Kenya , whose economy relies heavily on foreign visitors , to further ease any strain in the aftermath of the tragedy . Just ahead of Albright 's one - day trip , the State Department on Sunday  issued an updated ` ` worldwide caution ' ' to U.S. travelers in the aftermath of the Aug. 7 bombings at American embassies in Kenya and Tanzania and because of fresh threats to U.S. interests abroad . The warnings came after Pakistan handed over to Kenyan officials a suspect in the U.S. Embassy bombings , Mohammed Saddiq Odeh , also known as Mohammad Sadiq Howaida and Abdull Bast Awadh . 	answer: negative
event: their battle plans call for operating against forces inside Iraq as far north as the city of Basra , about 30 miles north of Kuwait starts after Indeed French President Francois Mitterrand insisted The purpose is n't to invade Iraqi territory , that 's not the aim , that is n't the mandate story: " I think the Gorbachev plan was a good one . " But , he notes , " If everything crumbles totally , that wo n't be such a problem . " " Of course , it is still far too early to assume that the military situation on the ground will stay as smooth for allied forces as it appears to have been so far . Gen. Schwarzkopf said that some early reports that chemical weapons were used against allied troops turned out to be " bogus . Certainly Saddam Hussein continues to implore his country to fight on . " The president and his top aides tentatively decided on Feb. 11 that a ground war would be necessary . The real problem with the Soviet proposals , U.S. officials now say , was that they all would have required lifting economic sanctions against Iraq . Finally , when Iraq failed to respond to the U.S. ultimatum , Mr. Bush let the ground offensive begin as previously planned Saturday night . Long columns of Iraqi prisoners of war could be seen trudging through the desert toward the allied rear . It expects that tens of thousands of Iraqi soldiers will surrender to the U.S. and its allies over the next few days . That would undermine any chances of rebuilding either Iraq or its armed forces in short order as long as Saddam Hussein remains in power . Outside analysts think Saddam Hussein 's position is indeed precarious . " Despite the lack of any obvious successors , the Iraqi leader 's internal power base appeared to be narrowing even before the war began . " --- Geraldine Brooks in Amman , Jordan , and Craig Forman in Cairo , Egypt , contributed to this article . 	answer: positive
event: their battle plans call for operating against forces inside Iraq as far north as the city of Basra , about 30 miles north of Kuwait starts before Indeed French President Francois Mitterrand insisted The purpose is n't to invade Iraqi territory , that 's not the aim , that is n't the mandate story: " I think the Gorbachev plan was a good one . " But , he notes , " If everything crumbles totally , that wo n't be such a problem . " " Of course , it is still far too early to assume that the military situation on the ground will stay as smooth for allied forces as it appears to have been so far . Gen. Schwarzkopf said that some early reports that chemical weapons were used against allied troops turned out to be " bogus . Certainly Saddam Hussein continues to implore his country to fight on . " The president and his top aides tentatively decided on Feb. 11 that a ground war would be necessary . The real problem with the Soviet proposals , U.S. officials now say , was that they all would have required lifting economic sanctions against Iraq . Finally , when Iraq failed to respond to the U.S. ultimatum , Mr. Bush let the ground offensive begin as previously planned Saturday night . Long columns of Iraqi prisoners of war could be seen trudging through the desert toward the allied rear . It expects that tens of thousands of Iraqi soldiers will surrender to the U.S. and its allies over the next few days . That would undermine any chances of rebuilding either Iraq or its armed forces in short order as long as Saddam Hussein remains in power . Outside analysts think Saddam Hussein 's position is indeed precarious . " Despite the lack of any obvious successors , the Iraqi leader 's internal power base appeared to be narrowing even before the war began . " --- Geraldine Brooks in Amman , Jordan , and Craig Forman in Cairo , Egypt , contributed to this article . 	answer: negative
event: they took place after the opening of the Holocaust Museum starts after they involved two very different Central European leaders who brought the same message story: In a ceremony tinged with the personal and the emotional at the Truman Presidential Library here , Secretary of State Madeleine Albright watched the foreign ministers of the three countries sign the documents of accession to the alliance , signed them herself and then held them aloft like a victory trophy . In Poland , Hungary and the Czech Republic , the moment was marked by small - scale public celebrations . In Kosovo , where the Yugoslav leader , Slobodan Milosevic , is resisting the deployment of NATO - led troops , including 4,000 U.S. soldiers , Albright insisted that NATO was the best tool to enforce a peace settlement . ` ` Poland forever returns where she has always belonged _ the free world , ' ' said Bronislaw Geremek , the foreign minister of Poland , who was a dissident during the Communist era . But Martonyi also emphasized that Hungary understood NATO membership carried with it obligations as well as privileges . These conversations are remembered by Clinton 's foreign policy team because they  took place after the opening of the Holocaust Museum and because they  involved two very different Central European leaders who brought the same message . ' In July 1997 , at a summit in Madrid , Spain , the alliance announced it would accept Poland , Hungary and the Czech Republic . Romania and Slovenia , which had tried hard to meet the standards , were turned away , at least for the time being . There was a long pause among the three ministers . Then Martonyi replied : ` ` Silence is your answer . ' ' 	answer: positive
event: they took place after the opening of the Holocaust Museum starts before they involved two very different Central European leaders who brought the same message story: In a ceremony tinged with the personal and the emotional at the Truman Presidential Library here , Secretary of State Madeleine Albright watched the foreign ministers of the three countries sign the documents of accession to the alliance , signed them herself and then held them aloft like a victory trophy . In Poland , Hungary and the Czech Republic , the moment was marked by small - scale public celebrations . In Kosovo , where the Yugoslav leader , Slobodan Milosevic , is resisting the deployment of NATO - led troops , including 4,000 U.S. soldiers , Albright insisted that NATO was the best tool to enforce a peace settlement . ` ` Poland forever returns where she has always belonged _ the free world , ' ' said Bronislaw Geremek , the foreign minister of Poland , who was a dissident during the Communist era . But Martonyi also emphasized that Hungary understood NATO membership carried with it obligations as well as privileges . These conversations are remembered by Clinton 's foreign policy team because they  took place after the opening of the Holocaust Museum and because they  involved two very different Central European leaders who brought the same message . ' In July 1997 , at a summit in Madrid , Spain , the alliance announced it would accept Poland , Hungary and the Czech Republic . Romania and Slovenia , which had tried hard to meet the standards , were turned away , at least for the time being . There was a long pause among the three ministers . Then Martonyi replied : ` ` Silence is your answer . ' ' 	answer: negative
event: a distant relative who lives a more prosperous life starts before all the things that dangled before the little boy 's eyes story: ` ` This little boy , who has been through so much , belongs with his father , ' ' The decision was met with outrage by Cuban - Americans , who said the youngster will suffer under the repressive communist regime of Fidel Castro . Anti - Castro demonstrators thronged the street near the local INS office in Miami Wednesday , demanding that Elian be allowed to stay . ` ` Today is a sad day for the US Constitution and for the hopes and dreams of Elian 's mother Elizabeth , ' ' who died with nine other adults when their boat sank as they attempted to reach Florida , said Roger Bernstein , representing the Miami Gonzalez family . ` ` But that little boy , by surviving two days on an inner tube , has earned the right to stay here in freedom . ' ' Eig complained . Meissner gave no reason for the Jan. 14 deadline , and it is still unclear how Elian would be transported back to Cuba if the Gonzalez family 's appeals are unsuccessful . ` ` We have done that . ' ' Cuba experts and child custody lawyers said the INS ruling was appropriate under the law . ` ` It 's high time ' ' the boy was sent back to his birthplace , said Wayne Smith , a former Clinton administration adviser on Cuba . ' With the political implications so strong , it 's unlikely the case of Elian Gonzalez will be closed quickly , said Richard Nuccio , a former Clinton administration Cuba adviser . 	answer: positive
event: a distant relative who lives a more prosperous life starts after all the things that dangled before the little boy 's eyes story: ` ` This little boy , who has been through so much , belongs with his father , ' ' The decision was met with outrage by Cuban - Americans , who said the youngster will suffer under the repressive communist regime of Fidel Castro . Anti - Castro demonstrators thronged the street near the local INS office in Miami Wednesday , demanding that Elian be allowed to stay . ` ` Today is a sad day for the US Constitution and for the hopes and dreams of Elian 's mother Elizabeth , ' ' who died with nine other adults when their boat sank as they attempted to reach Florida , said Roger Bernstein , representing the Miami Gonzalez family . ` ` But that little boy , by surviving two days on an inner tube , has earned the right to stay here in freedom . ' ' Eig complained . Meissner gave no reason for the Jan. 14 deadline , and it is still unclear how Elian would be transported back to Cuba if the Gonzalez family 's appeals are unsuccessful . ` ` We have done that . ' ' Cuba experts and child custody lawyers said the INS ruling was appropriate under the law . ` ` It 's high time ' ' the boy was sent back to his birthplace , said Wayne Smith , a former Clinton administration adviser on Cuba . ' With the political implications so strong , it 's unlikely the case of Elian Gonzalez will be closed quickly , said Richard Nuccio , a former Clinton administration Cuba adviser . 	answer: negative
event: the company 's power - generation business which experiencing a surge of growth for the first time in years starts before Mr. Marous said the business will achieve higher sales this year than the company 's target goal of 8.5 % story: In 1988 , the company earned $ 822.8 million , or $ 5.66 a share , on sales of $ 12.49 billion . Since 1983 , Westinghouse has shed 70 businesses that it did n't expect to produce 10 % operating margins while acquiring 55 businesses . Westinghouse expects to meet its corporate goals despite a softening in the economy . Even if the gross national product is either flat or in the growth range of 2 % to 2.5 % , " we can handle that , " Mr. Marous said . GNP is the total value of the nation 's output of goods and services . While Westinghouse has n't had a nuclear power plant order from a U.S. utility in about a decade , excess capacity is beginning to shrink . Mr. Lego said the company foresees the need for a major boost in new - generation capability throughout the 1990s . Westinghouse also is well positioned to sell steam turbine and gas turbine plants to independent power producers . He said the independent power segment could grow to provide as much as 50 % of near - term generation capacity , adding : " We expect to supply a significant share of this market . Westinghouse also expects its international sales to soon grow to 25 % of total corporate sales from 20 % last year . The deal , which will involve an initial $ 20 million investment , was struck with a handshake , he added . 	answer: positive
event: the company 's power - generation business which experiencing a surge of growth for the first time in years starts after Mr. Marous said the business will achieve higher sales this year than the company 's target goal of 8.5 % story: In 1988 , the company earned $ 822.8 million , or $ 5.66 a share , on sales of $ 12.49 billion . Since 1983 , Westinghouse has shed 70 businesses that it did n't expect to produce 10 % operating margins while acquiring 55 businesses . Westinghouse expects to meet its corporate goals despite a softening in the economy . Even if the gross national product is either flat or in the growth range of 2 % to 2.5 % , " we can handle that , " Mr. Marous said . GNP is the total value of the nation 's output of goods and services . While Westinghouse has n't had a nuclear power plant order from a U.S. utility in about a decade , excess capacity is beginning to shrink . Mr. Lego said the company foresees the need for a major boost in new - generation capability throughout the 1990s . Westinghouse also is well positioned to sell steam turbine and gas turbine plants to independent power producers . He said the independent power segment could grow to provide as much as 50 % of near - term generation capacity , adding : " We expect to supply a significant share of this market . Westinghouse also expects its international sales to soon grow to 25 % of total corporate sales from 20 % last year . The deal , which will involve an initial $ 20 million investment , was struck with a handshake , he added . 	answer: negative
event: The Immigration and Naturalization Service ruled in favor of the father 's request that the boy be returned to him in Cuba starts before I said story: WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- Both great - uncles live in Miami . Meantime , the possibility of a meeting between Attorney General Janet Reno and Lazaro Gonzalez 's family reemerged Thursday . Reno agreed to a meeting earlier this week , only to have Lazaro Gonzalez 's family withdraw the request . But discussions have been renewed , a Justice official said Thursday . Later Thursday , two of Elian 's Miami cousins sought support on Capitol Hill for legislation that would help keep the boy in America . ` ` He wanted to reunite with his son -- but not in Cuba , ' ' She said she and other family members had spoken to Elian 's father by phone both before and after the mother perished . Cid said . A group of Florida lawmakers introduced legislation this month to grant Elian American citizenship , which would take the decision about Elian 's future away from INS and give it to a Florida family court . Support for the bill has been waning . In Havana , Elian 's father joined President Fidel Castro on Thursday in a packed auditorium in what has become a daily public rally to press for the boy 's return . A Justice official , who requested anonymity , said the department has authority , if necessary , to shift temporary custody to someone other than Lazaro Gonzalez . ' ` ` No material good exists that can compete with the value of the family , and it is humiliating for us that people are still questioning our love and the future that awaits Elian at his home , ' ' said a Spanish version of the letter , dated Feb. 4 . 	answer: positive
event: The Immigration and Naturalization Service ruled in favor of the father 's request that the boy be returned to him in Cuba starts after I said story: WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- Both great - uncles live in Miami . Meantime , the possibility of a meeting between Attorney General Janet Reno and Lazaro Gonzalez 's family reemerged Thursday . Reno agreed to a meeting earlier this week , only to have Lazaro Gonzalez 's family withdraw the request . But discussions have been renewed , a Justice official said Thursday . Later Thursday , two of Elian 's Miami cousins sought support on Capitol Hill for legislation that would help keep the boy in America . ` ` He wanted to reunite with his son -- but not in Cuba , ' ' She said she and other family members had spoken to Elian 's father by phone both before and after the mother perished . Cid said . A group of Florida lawmakers introduced legislation this month to grant Elian American citizenship , which would take the decision about Elian 's future away from INS and give it to a Florida family court . Support for the bill has been waning . In Havana , Elian 's father joined President Fidel Castro on Thursday in a packed auditorium in what has become a daily public rally to press for the boy 's return . A Justice official , who requested anonymity , said the department has authority , if necessary , to shift temporary custody to someone other than Lazaro Gonzalez . ' ` ` No material good exists that can compete with the value of the family , and it is humiliating for us that people are still questioning our love and the future that awaits Elian at his home , ' ' said a Spanish version of the letter , dated Feb. 4 . 	answer: negative
event: when the decision announced starts before In a statement read on Cuban television Castro 's government expressed its displeasure at still another delay in Elian 's return story: Elian could be forced to stay longer if the Miami relatives who are seeking asylum for the child over his Cuban father 's objections pursue further appeals . Making Juan Miguel Gonzalez his son 's legal representative would have allowed him to simply drop the asylum request and head for home . Elian 's great - uncle vowed to continue the battle , and said the Miami relatives might sue for visitation while the child is in the United States . Switching to English , he said , ` ` I want to thank the American people . Elian 's Miami relatives took in the child , but then refused to return him to his surviving father in Cuba , citing the harshness of the Castro regime . The Miami relatives appealed that decision , and obtained an injunction requiring Elian to remain in the United States until the asylum question worked its way through the courts . Shortly after the appellate panel released its decision , attorney Coffey filed an emergency request to Supreme Court Justice Anthony M. Kennedy ( who has jurisdiction over such matters from Florida ) requesting assurance that Elian will remain in the United States until the full Supreme Court can consider a formal appeal . However , Justice Department officials said the appellate court could decide to waive the extra seven - day period . The government called the 14-day waiting period ` ` another concession to the ` mafia ' _ a disparaging term the government frequently uses to describe Miami 's exile Cuban community . 	answer: positive
event: when the decision announced starts after In a statement read on Cuban television Castro 's government expressed its displeasure at still another delay in Elian 's return story: Elian could be forced to stay longer if the Miami relatives who are seeking asylum for the child over his Cuban father 's objections pursue further appeals . Making Juan Miguel Gonzalez his son 's legal representative would have allowed him to simply drop the asylum request and head for home . Elian 's great - uncle vowed to continue the battle , and said the Miami relatives might sue for visitation while the child is in the United States . Switching to English , he said , ` ` I want to thank the American people . Elian 's Miami relatives took in the child , but then refused to return him to his surviving father in Cuba , citing the harshness of the Castro regime . The Miami relatives appealed that decision , and obtained an injunction requiring Elian to remain in the United States until the asylum question worked its way through the courts . Shortly after the appellate panel released its decision , attorney Coffey filed an emergency request to Supreme Court Justice Anthony M. Kennedy ( who has jurisdiction over such matters from Florida ) requesting assurance that Elian will remain in the United States until the full Supreme Court can consider a formal appeal . However , Justice Department officials said the appellate court could decide to waive the extra seven - day period . The government called the 14-day waiting period ` ` another concession to the ` mafia ' _ a disparaging term the government frequently uses to describe Miami 's exile Cuban community . 	answer: negative
event: about 25 undercover police scattered throughout the crowd starts before ` Security is tight said Marilynn Buckham , of Buffalo Gyn Womanservices , a sponsor of the ceremony story: BUFFALO , N.Y. ( AP ) -- About 500 people attended a Sunday night memorial service for the Buffalo - area physician who performed abortions , one year after he was killed by a sniper 's bullet . about 25 undercover police were  scattered throughout the crowd . ` ` But it 's not tonight we 're worried about . It 's all of the other dark nights . ' ' A memorial service planned at the University of Rochester for Saturday was canceled after security plans were leaked . Slepian was killed on Oct. 23 , 1999 by a sniper hiding in his backyard . Earlier that day , the Slepian family sent a fax to local police explaining that abortion providers were warned that one of them might be targeted for assassination . On May 6 , James Kopp , 44 , was charged with the slaying . ` ` It 's very frustrating knowing that he 's out there , ' ' said Ms. Buckham . ` ` It 's very scary . ' ' Sunday 's yahrtzeit service ---- a Jewish ceremony that commemorates the dead with the lighting of a 24-hour candle ---- included the lighting of candles for the seven people killed and 12 people injured in abortion - related violence since 1993 . A tearful audience also listened to registered nurse Emily Lyons , who has undergone a number of operations since the Alabama clinic bombing and has permanently damaged eyesight . She spoke of Slepian and other abortion providers who have been killed . ` ` They paid an awful price for reproductive freedom and the women they served , ' ' she said . 	answer: positive
event: about 25 undercover police scattered throughout the crowd starts after ` Security is tight said Marilynn Buckham , of Buffalo Gyn Womanservices , a sponsor of the ceremony story: BUFFALO , N.Y. ( AP ) -- About 500 people attended a Sunday night memorial service for the Buffalo - area physician who performed abortions , one year after he was killed by a sniper 's bullet . about 25 undercover police were  scattered throughout the crowd . ` ` But it 's not tonight we 're worried about . It 's all of the other dark nights . ' ' A memorial service planned at the University of Rochester for Saturday was canceled after security plans were leaked . Slepian was killed on Oct. 23 , 1999 by a sniper hiding in his backyard . Earlier that day , the Slepian family sent a fax to local police explaining that abortion providers were warned that one of them might be targeted for assassination . On May 6 , James Kopp , 44 , was charged with the slaying . ` ` It 's very frustrating knowing that he 's out there , ' ' said Ms. Buckham . ` ` It 's very scary . ' ' Sunday 's yahrtzeit service ---- a Jewish ceremony that commemorates the dead with the lighting of a 24-hour candle ---- included the lighting of candles for the seven people killed and 12 people injured in abortion - related violence since 1993 . A tearful audience also listened to registered nurse Emily Lyons , who has undergone a number of operations since the Alabama clinic bombing and has permanently damaged eyesight . She spoke of Slepian and other abortion providers who have been killed . ` ` They paid an awful price for reproductive freedom and the women they served , ' ' she said . 	answer: negative
event: The demonstrators wearing T - shirts with Elian 's portrait starts before The demonstrators wearing T - shirts with Elian 's portrait waved red , white and blue Cuban flags on the shore of the community of Niquero , where the Granma landed on Dec. 2 , 1956 , with 82 armed men led by Fidel Castro story: HAVANA ( AP ) -- Tens of thousands of people paid tribute to the men who launched the Cuban Revolution more than four decades ago in a rally Saturday demanding the return of Elian Gonzalez . With the historic yacht Granma towering behind him , Raul Castro , younger brother of President Fidel Castro and head of Cuba 's Revolutionary Armed Forces , likened the revolutionary battle to the fight for Elian , the 6-year - old boy at the center of an international custody battle . ' ' Here , no one gives up ! ' ' Castro declared . The demonstrators ,  wearing T - shirts with Elian 's portrait ,  waved red , white and blue Cuban flags on the shore of the community of Niquero , where the Granma landed on Dec. 2 , 1956 , with 82 armed men led by Fidel Castro . In the years that followed , the guerrilla fighters waged war on the troops of dictator Fulgencio Batista , declaring victory on Jan. 1 , 1959 when Batista fled the country . Gonzalez has cited his rights as the child 's sole surviving parent in his calls for his boy to be returned to him in communist Cuba . Elian 's mother and 10 others perished when their boat sank off the coast of Florida in late November during a crossing from Cuba to the United States . ' ' Elian today is the symbol of our unity , ' ' He said the Cuban people would continue to protest American laws and policies aimed at Cuba , including a four - decade economic embargo and continued U.S. military presence at the Guantanamo Naval Station on the easternmost end of the island . 	answer: positive
event: The demonstrators wearing T - shirts with Elian 's portrait starts after The demonstrators wearing T - shirts with Elian 's portrait waved red , white and blue Cuban flags on the shore of the community of Niquero , where the Granma landed on Dec. 2 , 1956 , with 82 armed men led by Fidel Castro story: HAVANA ( AP ) -- Tens of thousands of people paid tribute to the men who launched the Cuban Revolution more than four decades ago in a rally Saturday demanding the return of Elian Gonzalez . With the historic yacht Granma towering behind him , Raul Castro , younger brother of President Fidel Castro and head of Cuba 's Revolutionary Armed Forces , likened the revolutionary battle to the fight for Elian , the 6-year - old boy at the center of an international custody battle . ' ' Here , no one gives up ! ' ' Castro declared . The demonstrators ,  wearing T - shirts with Elian 's portrait ,  waved red , white and blue Cuban flags on the shore of the community of Niquero , where the Granma landed on Dec. 2 , 1956 , with 82 armed men led by Fidel Castro . In the years that followed , the guerrilla fighters waged war on the troops of dictator Fulgencio Batista , declaring victory on Jan. 1 , 1959 when Batista fled the country . Gonzalez has cited his rights as the child 's sole surviving parent in his calls for his boy to be returned to him in communist Cuba . Elian 's mother and 10 others perished when their boat sank off the coast of Florida in late November during a crossing from Cuba to the United States . ' ' Elian today is the symbol of our unity , ' ' He said the Cuban people would continue to protest American laws and policies aimed at Cuba , including a four - decade economic embargo and continued U.S. military presence at the Guantanamo Naval Station on the easternmost end of the island . 	answer: negative
event: Clark , the Erie district attorney , said afterwards that investigators think the doctor 's killer buried the rifle in the days before the shooting , unearthed the weapon to fire the fatal shots , then hurriedly reburied it and fled starts after who in FBI photographs appears as gaunt and scruffily bearded story: Federal law enforcement officials said Wednesday that they had concluded that James Kopp , an impassioned and nomadic opponent of abortion , fired the shots that killed a Buffalo , N.Y. , abortion - clinic doctor last October . Based on physical evidence _ including a rifle found in April month buried near the doctor 's house and a match between fibers found near the murder and others found in Kopp 's car _ officials said they had decided to issue a warrant for his arrest in the killing of Dr. Barnett Slepian . Kopp , a fugitive , has until now been described only as a material witness and a nationwide warrant had been issued so that he could be held for questioning . There was no official confirmation of the decision to upgrade the warrant , but Denise O'Donnell , the U.S. attorney for the Western District of New York in Buffalo , has scheduled a news conference Thursday to announce a ` ` major development ' ' in the Slepian murder investigation . Erie County District Attorney Frank Clark , Bernard Tolbert , the special FBI agent in charge of the Buffalo office , and other investigators will also be there . Since there is no federal homicide statute as such , the federal officials said Kopp could be charged under the recent Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act , which provides for a sentence of up to life imprisonment for someone convicted of physical assaults or threats against abortion providers . If Kopp were also indicted and convicted on state murder charges , he could face the death penalty . 	answer: positive
event: Clark , the Erie district attorney , said afterwards that investigators think the doctor 's killer buried the rifle in the days before the shooting , unearthed the weapon to fire the fatal shots , then hurriedly reburied it and fled starts before who in FBI photographs appears as gaunt and scruffily bearded story: Federal law enforcement officials said Wednesday that they had concluded that James Kopp , an impassioned and nomadic opponent of abortion , fired the shots that killed a Buffalo , N.Y. , abortion - clinic doctor last October . Based on physical evidence _ including a rifle found in April month buried near the doctor 's house and a match between fibers found near the murder and others found in Kopp 's car _ officials said they had decided to issue a warrant for his arrest in the killing of Dr. Barnett Slepian . Kopp , a fugitive , has until now been described only as a material witness and a nationwide warrant had been issued so that he could be held for questioning . There was no official confirmation of the decision to upgrade the warrant , but Denise O'Donnell , the U.S. attorney for the Western District of New York in Buffalo , has scheduled a news conference Thursday to announce a ` ` major development ' ' in the Slepian murder investigation . Erie County District Attorney Frank Clark , Bernard Tolbert , the special FBI agent in charge of the Buffalo office , and other investigators will also be there . Since there is no federal homicide statute as such , the federal officials said Kopp could be charged under the recent Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act , which provides for a sentence of up to life imprisonment for someone convicted of physical assaults or threats against abortion providers . If Kopp were also indicted and convicted on state murder charges , he could face the death penalty . 	answer: negative
event: Ms. Kolber said the committee had received other bids starts before She said Mr. Drabinsky 's offer " is all cash , and it 's for all of the company story: The directors added that the two executives have n't reached a final decision to proceed with a bid and that until an offer is made the board will continue seeking higher offers from other bidders . The directors said if Messrs. Drabinsky and Gottlieb mail an offer to shareholders by Nov. 22 , it will reimburse them a maximum of C$ 8.5 million for expenses related to a bid . We consider that his bid is an acceptable bid , " said Sandra Kolber , spokeswoman for the independent directors ' committee appointed last May to solicit and review bids for the company in the wake of a dispute between Mr. Drabinsky and Cineplex 's major shareholder , MCA Inc. MCA and Cineplex 's other major shareholder , Montreal - based financier Charles Bronfman and his associates , have agreed to tender their holdings to an offer by Mr. Drabinsky unless a higher offer is made by another bidder . " Several Cineplex analysts have speculated that outside bids received by the committee were either disappointingly low or for only part of the company . All this has really established is that MCA and the Bronfmans have agreed on a price at which they can be bought out , " said Jeffery Logsdon , an analyst with Crowell , Weedon in Los Angeles . The directors did n't indicate the source of financing for Mr. Drabinsky 's new proposal , but said MCA and the Bronfman associates agreed in principle to buy for $ 57 million and then lease back to Cineplex its 18-screen theater complex in Universal City , Calif. , if Mr. Drabinsky succeeds in an offer . Mr. Drabinsky could n't be reached for comment . 	answer: positive
event: Ms. Kolber said the committee had received other bids starts after She said Mr. Drabinsky 's offer " is all cash , and it 's for all of the company story: The directors added that the two executives have n't reached a final decision to proceed with a bid and that until an offer is made the board will continue seeking higher offers from other bidders . The directors said if Messrs. Drabinsky and Gottlieb mail an offer to shareholders by Nov. 22 , it will reimburse them a maximum of C$ 8.5 million for expenses related to a bid . We consider that his bid is an acceptable bid , " said Sandra Kolber , spokeswoman for the independent directors ' committee appointed last May to solicit and review bids for the company in the wake of a dispute between Mr. Drabinsky and Cineplex 's major shareholder , MCA Inc. MCA and Cineplex 's other major shareholder , Montreal - based financier Charles Bronfman and his associates , have agreed to tender their holdings to an offer by Mr. Drabinsky unless a higher offer is made by another bidder . " Several Cineplex analysts have speculated that outside bids received by the committee were either disappointingly low or for only part of the company . All this has really established is that MCA and the Bronfmans have agreed on a price at which they can be bought out , " said Jeffery Logsdon , an analyst with Crowell , Weedon in Los Angeles . The directors did n't indicate the source of financing for Mr. Drabinsky 's new proposal , but said MCA and the Bronfman associates agreed in principle to buy for $ 57 million and then lease back to Cineplex its 18-screen theater complex in Universal City , Calif. , if Mr. Drabinsky succeeds in an offer . Mr. Drabinsky could n't be reached for comment . 	answer: negative
event: Kopp 's car spotted in Amherst in the weeks before Slepian was killed starts before Kopp 's 1987 Chevrolet Cavalier was discovered last month at Newark , N.J. , International Airport the FBI said story: Preliminary DNA tests link a missing anti - abortion activist to a strand of hair found near where a sniper shot and killed a Buffalo , N.Y. , doctor who performed abortions , a law enforcement official said Friday . The first round of DNA tests on the hair at the FBI Laboratory here established a high probability it came from the same person as a hair found in a New Jersey home where James C. Kopp , a 44-year - old anti - abortion protester , lived last year , the official said . Meantime , FBI agents and Metropolitan Police officers assigned to a joint terrorism task force here scanned the crowd of anti - abortion protesters at the annual March for Life on Capitol Hill , because Kopp has been either a participant in or arrested at this march in each of the last three years , according to another law enforcement official , Both officials requested anonymity . The FBI is conducting further DNA tests of the hair found outside Dr. Slepian 's home . ` ` Ultimately , we would need to have a hair taken directly from Kopp himself to establish conclusively the hair from scene is his , ' ' the official added . Last week , FBI Director Louis Freeh , on an official visit to Mexico , asked Mexican authorities to join the hunt for Kopp , federal officials have said . They believe Kopp was driven to Mexico by a female friend after the shooting , and have a trail of her credit card receipts leading to Mexico , the federal officials have said . Kopp 's 1987 Chevrolet Cavalier was discovered last month at Newark , N.J. , International Airport , the FBI  said . 	answer: positive
event: Kopp 's car spotted in Amherst in the weeks before Slepian was killed starts after Kopp 's 1987 Chevrolet Cavalier was discovered last month at Newark , N.J. , International Airport the FBI said story: Preliminary DNA tests link a missing anti - abortion activist to a strand of hair found near where a sniper shot and killed a Buffalo , N.Y. , doctor who performed abortions , a law enforcement official said Friday . The first round of DNA tests on the hair at the FBI Laboratory here established a high probability it came from the same person as a hair found in a New Jersey home where James C. Kopp , a 44-year - old anti - abortion protester , lived last year , the official said . Meantime , FBI agents and Metropolitan Police officers assigned to a joint terrorism task force here scanned the crowd of anti - abortion protesters at the annual March for Life on Capitol Hill , because Kopp has been either a participant in or arrested at this march in each of the last three years , according to another law enforcement official , Both officials requested anonymity . The FBI is conducting further DNA tests of the hair found outside Dr. Slepian 's home . ` ` Ultimately , we would need to have a hair taken directly from Kopp himself to establish conclusively the hair from scene is his , ' ' the official added . Last week , FBI Director Louis Freeh , on an official visit to Mexico , asked Mexican authorities to join the hunt for Kopp , federal officials have said . They believe Kopp was driven to Mexico by a female friend after the shooting , and have a trail of her credit card receipts leading to Mexico , the federal officials have said . Kopp 's 1987 Chevrolet Cavalier was discovered last month at Newark , N.J. , International Airport , the FBI  said . 	answer: negative
event: the boy 's mother died to give him freedom in the United States while theCuban government maintains Elian is being improperly kept from his father starts before Juan Miguel must not written the letter himself story: HAVANA ( AP ) -- Elian Gonzalez 's father said in a letter published Wednesday that he wants Cuban diplomats based in Washington to meet with his 6-year - old son in Miami and check on his condition . ` ` We lack direct information about the concrete conditions to which he is subjected in his daily life . ' ' Gonzalez also wrote to Attorney General Janet Reno earlier this week , demanding that Elian be returned to him and saying he does not recognize the courts hearing the custody battle . The Justice Department said it was reviewing that letter . Gonzalez 's second letter to Reno in two weeks was published in Granma on Tuesday . In the letter , Gonzalez said he does not recognize the jurisdiction of theU.S. court system , which is weighing an attempt by Elian 's Miami relatives to block his return to Cuba . Elian has been the focus of an international custody battle since he was found on an inner tube off the Florida coast on Nov. 25 . The boy 's mother and 10 other people died when their boat sank on the way from Cuba to the UnitedStates . ` ` Juan Miguel must not have  written the letter himself , ' ' said Armando Gutierrez , spokesman for Elian 's relatives in Miami . ` ` Castro must be dreaming for the family to allow Cuban spies inside Lazaro Gonzalez 's home . ' ' U.S. government lawyers have moved to dismiss the Miami relatives ' lawsuit , arguing that they have no legal standing in the boy 's case . 	answer: positive
event: the boy 's mother died to give him freedom in the United States while theCuban government maintains Elian is being improperly kept from his father starts after Juan Miguel must not written the letter himself story: HAVANA ( AP ) -- Elian Gonzalez 's father said in a letter published Wednesday that he wants Cuban diplomats based in Washington to meet with his 6-year - old son in Miami and check on his condition . ` ` We lack direct information about the concrete conditions to which he is subjected in his daily life . ' ' Gonzalez also wrote to Attorney General Janet Reno earlier this week , demanding that Elian be returned to him and saying he does not recognize the courts hearing the custody battle . The Justice Department said it was reviewing that letter . Gonzalez 's second letter to Reno in two weeks was published in Granma on Tuesday . In the letter , Gonzalez said he does not recognize the jurisdiction of theU.S. court system , which is weighing an attempt by Elian 's Miami relatives to block his return to Cuba . Elian has been the focus of an international custody battle since he was found on an inner tube off the Florida coast on Nov. 25 . The boy 's mother and 10 other people died when their boat sank on the way from Cuba to the UnitedStates . ` ` Juan Miguel must not have  written the letter himself , ' ' said Armando Gutierrez , spokesman for Elian 's relatives in Miami . ` ` Castro must be dreaming for the family to allow Cuban spies inside Lazaro Gonzalez 's home . ' ' U.S. government lawyers have moved to dismiss the Miami relatives ' lawsuit , arguing that they have no legal standing in the boy 's case . 	answer: negative
event: His mother and 10 others died at sea while trying to reach the United States starts before For the past two months Elian 's father demanded that the boy be returned to him in Cuba story: HAVANA ( AP ) -- Calling the mother of Elian Gonzalez ` ` an excellent girl , ' ' Castro 's remarks to a conference of economists were aimed at those who say that Elian should remain in the United States because his mother sacrificed his life to take her to ` ` freedom , ' ' a vision he called a cliche . ` ` The mother was practically kidnapped along with the boy ' ' to make the late - November trip , Castro said . The Cuban leader said Elian had been especially loved by his parents because the mother had earlier suffered seven miscarriages . The commemorations were similar to those held here annually for Marti , the revolutionary and poet who fought for Cuba 's independence from Spain in 1898 . In Old Havana , hundreds of children marched around the Parque Central chanting ` ` We will save Elian ! ' ' A small group of girls wore construction paper handcuffs -- an apparent reference to the government 's characterization of Elian 's retention in the United States as a ` ` kidnapping . ' ' But Elian 's paternal great - uncle in the United States , backed by the anti - Castro Cuban American National Foundation , is fighting in the courts to keep the boy in Miami . ` ` What is important for me is that they return the boy to me as soon as possible . ' 	answer: positive
event: His mother and 10 others died at sea while trying to reach the United States starts after For the past two months Elian 's father demanded that the boy be returned to him in Cuba story: HAVANA ( AP ) -- Calling the mother of Elian Gonzalez ` ` an excellent girl , ' ' Castro 's remarks to a conference of economists were aimed at those who say that Elian should remain in the United States because his mother sacrificed his life to take her to ` ` freedom , ' ' a vision he called a cliche . ` ` The mother was practically kidnapped along with the boy ' ' to make the late - November trip , Castro said . The Cuban leader said Elian had been especially loved by his parents because the mother had earlier suffered seven miscarriages . The commemorations were similar to those held here annually for Marti , the revolutionary and poet who fought for Cuba 's independence from Spain in 1898 . In Old Havana , hundreds of children marched around the Parque Central chanting ` ` We will save Elian ! ' ' A small group of girls wore construction paper handcuffs -- an apparent reference to the government 's characterization of Elian 's retention in the United States as a ` ` kidnapping . ' ' But Elian 's paternal great - uncle in the United States , backed by the anti - Castro Cuban American National Foundation , is fighting in the courts to keep the boy in Miami . ` ` What is important for me is that they return the boy to me as soon as possible . ' 	answer: negative
event: A 62-member rescue team previously sent to the bombed - out federal building in Oklahoma City , Okla. , starts before U.S. embassies and military installations around the world ordered to set up barriers and tighten security systems to prevent easy access by unauthorized people -- Americans and foreigners story: WASHINGTON , August 8 ( Xinhua ) -- President Bill Clinton Saturday vowed to hunt down and bring to justice those who were responsible for the bombings of two U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania . " No matter how long it takes or where it takes us , we will pursue terrorists until the cases are solved and justice is done , " Clinton said in his weekly radio address . " To turn our backs on those taking risks for peace , to weaken our opposition to terrorism -- that would give terrorism a victory it must not and will not have , " the president said . The Friday explosions at U.S. embassies in Nairobi , Kenya , and Dar - es - Salaam , Tanzania , killed at least 110 people , and the number injured topped 2,200 . The 11 Americans were killed in Kenya , along with five Kenyan employees at the embassy . The State Department has sent medical and other supplies as well as investigators to the two countries . The FBI also dispatched dozens of agents and bombing and evidence specialists there . Aircraft have taken off from the United States , Europe and elsewhere in Africa bearing medical suplies and other equipment , along with replacement personnel for the two embassies . A 62-member rescue team , previously  sent to the bombed - out federal building in Oklahoma City , Okla. , was en route to Nairobi . U.S. embassies and military installations around the world were  ordered to set up barriers and tighten security systems to prevent easy access by unauthorized people -- Americans and foreigners . 	answer: positive
event: A 62-member rescue team previously sent to the bombed - out federal building in Oklahoma City , Okla. , starts after U.S. embassies and military installations around the world ordered to set up barriers and tighten security systems to prevent easy access by unauthorized people -- Americans and foreigners story: WASHINGTON , August 8 ( Xinhua ) -- President Bill Clinton Saturday vowed to hunt down and bring to justice those who were responsible for the bombings of two U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania . " No matter how long it takes or where it takes us , we will pursue terrorists until the cases are solved and justice is done , " Clinton said in his weekly radio address . " To turn our backs on those taking risks for peace , to weaken our opposition to terrorism -- that would give terrorism a victory it must not and will not have , " the president said . The Friday explosions at U.S. embassies in Nairobi , Kenya , and Dar - es - Salaam , Tanzania , killed at least 110 people , and the number injured topped 2,200 . The 11 Americans were killed in Kenya , along with five Kenyan employees at the embassy . The State Department has sent medical and other supplies as well as investigators to the two countries . The FBI also dispatched dozens of agents and bombing and evidence specialists there . Aircraft have taken off from the United States , Europe and elsewhere in Africa bearing medical suplies and other equipment , along with replacement personnel for the two embassies . A 62-member rescue team , previously  sent to the bombed - out federal building in Oklahoma City , Okla. , was en route to Nairobi . U.S. embassies and military installations around the world were  ordered to set up barriers and tighten security systems to prevent easy access by unauthorized people -- Americans and foreigners . 	answer: negative
event: Munero who reportedly engaged in unofficial businesses in the Cuban city of Cardenas starts after According to sources quoted by the Miami Herald Munero fled to Florida in June 1998 story: HAVANA ( AP ) -- Calling the mother of Elian Gonzalez ` ` an excellent girl , ' ' He placed the blame on Lazaro Rafael Munero , who apparently organized the ill - fated journey on which Elian 's mother Elisabeth Brotons and 10 other people -- including Munero -- died . ` ` The mother was practically kidnapped along with the boy ' ' to make the late - November trip , Castro said . The Cuban leader said Elian had been especially loved by his parents because the mother had earlier suffered seven miscarriages . But this year , children wore T - shirts bearing Elian 's portrait with their school uniforms . Similar events were held all day in the capital and across the island . His mother and 10 others died at sea while trying to reach the United States . But Elian 's paternal great - uncle in the United States , backed by the anti - Castro Cuban American National Foundation , is fighting in the courts to keep the boy in Miami . Cuba kept up its condemnation of the handling of Wednesday 's meeting between Elian and his grandmothers at the home of a Roman Catholic nun in Miami Beach , It offered more details and criticisms of the perceived treatment that Elian 's grandmothers , Mariela Quintana and Raquel Rodriguez , received from O'Laughlin , the Miami relatives and other anti - Castro Cubans during the encounter . In an interview with the Spanish language broadcast of CNN , Elian 's father also criticized how the meeting was handled . He repeated charges that his relatives and others in Miami had offered him money to stay in the United States with his son . 	answer: positive
event: Munero who reportedly engaged in unofficial businesses in the Cuban city of Cardenas starts before According to sources quoted by the Miami Herald Munero fled to Florida in June 1998 story: HAVANA ( AP ) -- Calling the mother of Elian Gonzalez ` ` an excellent girl , ' ' He placed the blame on Lazaro Rafael Munero , who apparently organized the ill - fated journey on which Elian 's mother Elisabeth Brotons and 10 other people -- including Munero -- died . ` ` The mother was practically kidnapped along with the boy ' ' to make the late - November trip , Castro said . The Cuban leader said Elian had been especially loved by his parents because the mother had earlier suffered seven miscarriages . But this year , children wore T - shirts bearing Elian 's portrait with their school uniforms . Similar events were held all day in the capital and across the island . His mother and 10 others died at sea while trying to reach the United States . But Elian 's paternal great - uncle in the United States , backed by the anti - Castro Cuban American National Foundation , is fighting in the courts to keep the boy in Miami . Cuba kept up its condemnation of the handling of Wednesday 's meeting between Elian and his grandmothers at the home of a Roman Catholic nun in Miami Beach , It offered more details and criticisms of the perceived treatment that Elian 's grandmothers , Mariela Quintana and Raquel Rodriguez , received from O'Laughlin , the Miami relatives and other anti - Castro Cubans during the encounter . In an interview with the Spanish language broadcast of CNN , Elian 's father also criticized how the meeting was handled . He repeated charges that his relatives and others in Miami had offered him money to stay in the United States with his son . 	answer: negative
event: The U.N. Security Council charged the inspectors with verifying that Iraq has destroyed its long - range missiles and weapons of mass destruction starts after allowed to carry out an inspection since Jan. 13 story: BAGHDAD , Iraq ( AP ) An American leader of a U.N. weapons inspection team resumed work in Iraq Friday , nearly two months after his team was effectively blocked . Scott Ritter led his team on a 10-hour tour of three suspected weapons sites classified as ` ` sensitive ' ' by the Iraqi authorities , U.N. spokesman Alan Dacey said . Previously the Iraqis have resisted attempts to inspect such quarters . The U.N. Security Council has  charged the inspectors with verifying that Iraq has destroyed its long - range missiles and weapons of mass destruction . It was the first time that Ritter , who arrived Thursday with some 50 inspectors for a tour likely to last over a week , had been  allowed to carry out an inspection since Jan. 13 . The official Iraqi News Agency , which gives the daily tally of inspections , did not mention Ritter by name , but said Friday that team no . Ritter 's return is seen as something of a test of that agreement , under which Iraq agreed to give inspectors full access to eight of Saddam Hussein 's presidential palaces . The United States had moved additional troops and a naval armada into the Gulf and said it would strike Iraq unless it gave the U.N. arms inspectors unfettered access to all potential weapons sites , including Saddam 's palaces . ` ` We are going to maintain our forces in the region for the foreseeable future , ' ' said spokesman Kenneth Bacon . The procedures are due to go before the Security Council next week . 	answer: positive
event: The U.N. Security Council charged the inspectors with verifying that Iraq has destroyed its long - range missiles and weapons of mass destruction starts before allowed to carry out an inspection since Jan. 13 story: BAGHDAD , Iraq ( AP ) An American leader of a U.N. weapons inspection team resumed work in Iraq Friday , nearly two months after his team was effectively blocked . Scott Ritter led his team on a 10-hour tour of three suspected weapons sites classified as ` ` sensitive ' ' by the Iraqi authorities , U.N. spokesman Alan Dacey said . Previously the Iraqis have resisted attempts to inspect such quarters . The U.N. Security Council has  charged the inspectors with verifying that Iraq has destroyed its long - range missiles and weapons of mass destruction . It was the first time that Ritter , who arrived Thursday with some 50 inspectors for a tour likely to last over a week , had been  allowed to carry out an inspection since Jan. 13 . The official Iraqi News Agency , which gives the daily tally of inspections , did not mention Ritter by name , but said Friday that team no . Ritter 's return is seen as something of a test of that agreement , under which Iraq agreed to give inspectors full access to eight of Saddam Hussein 's presidential palaces . The United States had moved additional troops and a naval armada into the Gulf and said it would strike Iraq unless it gave the U.N. arms inspectors unfettered access to all potential weapons sites , including Saddam 's palaces . ` ` We are going to maintain our forces in the region for the foreseeable future , ' ' said spokesman Kenneth Bacon . The procedures are due to go before the Security Council next week . 	answer: negative
event: it shook furniture in homes a mile away starts after But the solid construction of the Israeli - built embassy may prevented the carnage of a similar bomb in Kenya story: DAR ES SALAAM , Tanzania ( AP ) _ The bomb outside the U.S. Embassy in Tanzania was so powerful that it  shook furniture in homes a mile away . But the solid construction of the Israeli - built embassy may have  prevented the carnage of a similar bomb in Kenya , an official said Saturday . Another reason was the location _ a quiet tree - lined neighborhood . The embassy away from the center of Dar es Salaam , Tanzania 's laid - back capital of swaying palms and sparse traffic , is largely free from the congestion that plagues most other major African cities . 	answer: positive
event: it shook furniture in homes a mile away starts before But the solid construction of the Israeli - built embassy may prevented the carnage of a similar bomb in Kenya story: DAR ES SALAAM , Tanzania ( AP ) _ The bomb outside the U.S. Embassy in Tanzania was so powerful that it  shook furniture in homes a mile away . But the solid construction of the Israeli - built embassy may have  prevented the carnage of a similar bomb in Kenya , an official said Saturday . Another reason was the location _ a quiet tree - lined neighborhood . The embassy away from the center of Dar es Salaam , Tanzania 's laid - back capital of swaying palms and sparse traffic , is largely free from the congestion that plagues most other major African cities . 	answer: negative
event: it extended its $ 18-a - share offer for Telerate Inc. common stock until 5 p.m. EST Nov. 9 starts before The offer , valued at about $ 576 million for the 33 % of Telerate that Dow Jones does n't already own , set to expire Nov. 6 story: Dow Jones amp Co. said it  extended its $ 18-a - share offer for Telerate Inc. common stock until 5 p.m. EST Nov. 9 . The offer , valued at about $ 576 million for the 33 % of Telerate that Dow Jones does n't already own , had been  set to expire Nov. 6 . Dow Jones , which owns about 64 million of Telerate 's 95 million common shares outstanding , said that about 24,000 shares have been tendered under its offer . Telerate 's two independent directors have rejected the offer as inadequate . In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Telerate shares closed at $ 19.50 , up 12.5 cents . Telerate provides an electronic financial information network . Dow Jones publishes The Wall Street Journal , Barron 's magazine , and community newspapers and operates financial news services and computer data bases . 	answer: positive
event: it extended its $ 18-a - share offer for Telerate Inc. common stock until 5 p.m. EST Nov. 9 starts after The offer , valued at about $ 576 million for the 33 % of Telerate that Dow Jones does n't already own , set to expire Nov. 6 story: Dow Jones amp Co. said it  extended its $ 18-a - share offer for Telerate Inc. common stock until 5 p.m. EST Nov. 9 . The offer , valued at about $ 576 million for the 33 % of Telerate that Dow Jones does n't already own , had been  set to expire Nov. 6 . Dow Jones , which owns about 64 million of Telerate 's 95 million common shares outstanding , said that about 24,000 shares have been tendered under its offer . Telerate 's two independent directors have rejected the offer as inadequate . In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Telerate shares closed at $ 19.50 , up 12.5 cents . Telerate provides an electronic financial information network . Dow Jones publishes The Wall Street Journal , Barron 's magazine , and community newspapers and operates financial news services and computer data bases . 	answer: negative
event: But the great - uncle of 6-year - old shipwreck survivor rafter Elian Gonzalez only ducked his head starts after a drama that divided his once close - knit family story: The angry crowd rushed at Manuel Gonzalez as he stepped out of Miami 's federal courthouse , shaking fists at him and shouting in Spanish , ` ` communista ' ' and ` ` traitor . ' ' Until this week . Reno denied the request , but Manuel Gonzalez did n't back down . ` ` I have lost a son , ' ' Gonzalez told reporters later , referring to his own son 's death due to cancer . ` ` He must go to work , ' ' said his daughter , Rosa , who said Gonzalez would prefer not to talk about the issue . After weeks of high - profile public sparring _ with charges of abuse , spying and treachery flying back and forth across the Florida Straits _ it would seem the chances are slim that the Gonzalez family could ever heal the wounds created by the Elian saga . Of the nine brothers and sisters of Manuel 's generation , five have come to Miami , while three remain in Cuba and one has passed away . He worked as a police officer in a Cuban ministry , a position that probably helped his son _ Elian 's father _ get a job in the Communist island 's increasingly lucrative tourism industry . After making his opinions known , Manuel Gonzalez reportedly was ostracized by his Miami kin , especially Lazaro , who has been keeping Elian and who has gone to court to try to keep the boy here . He was soon released and appeared to be reasonably healthy when he appeared in court the next morning . ` ` He 's a strong man , ' ' said Jeffrey Leving . 	answer: positive
event: But the great - uncle of 6-year - old shipwreck survivor rafter Elian Gonzalez only ducked his head starts before a drama that divided his once close - knit family story: The angry crowd rushed at Manuel Gonzalez as he stepped out of Miami 's federal courthouse , shaking fists at him and shouting in Spanish , ` ` communista ' ' and ` ` traitor . ' ' Until this week . Reno denied the request , but Manuel Gonzalez did n't back down . ` ` I have lost a son , ' ' Gonzalez told reporters later , referring to his own son 's death due to cancer . ` ` He must go to work , ' ' said his daughter , Rosa , who said Gonzalez would prefer not to talk about the issue . After weeks of high - profile public sparring _ with charges of abuse , spying and treachery flying back and forth across the Florida Straits _ it would seem the chances are slim that the Gonzalez family could ever heal the wounds created by the Elian saga . Of the nine brothers and sisters of Manuel 's generation , five have come to Miami , while three remain in Cuba and one has passed away . He worked as a police officer in a Cuban ministry , a position that probably helped his son _ Elian 's father _ get a job in the Communist island 's increasingly lucrative tourism industry . After making his opinions known , Manuel Gonzalez reportedly was ostracized by his Miami kin , especially Lazaro , who has been keeping Elian and who has gone to court to try to keep the boy here . He was soon released and appeared to be reasonably healthy when he appeared in court the next morning . ` ` He 's a strong man , ' ' said Jeffrey Leving . 	answer: negative
event: The move aimed at heading off more trouble with Iran , which had condemned Iraq 's invasion of Kuwait on Aug. 2 but also criticized the multinational force dispatched to Saudi Arabia starts before heading more trouble with Iran , which had condemned Iraq 's invasion of Kuwait on Aug. 2 but also criticized the multinational force dispatched to Saudi Arabia story: Iraq 's Saddam Hussein , facing U.S. and Arab troops at the Saudi border , today sought peace on another front by promising to withdraw from Iranian territory and release soldiers captured during the Iran - Iraq war . Saddam appeared to accept a border demarcation treaty he had rejected in peace talks following the August 1988 cease - fire of the eight - year war with Iran . Bush can call up to 200,000 reservists for up to 180 days without seeking congressional approval . Sytenko , a former deputy secretary - general of the United Nations , is also expected to visit Baghdad , Gremitskikh said at a regular news briefing today . ABC quoted an Iraqi Foreign Ministry official in Baghdad as saying Americans in Iraq are ` ` restrictees ' ' who will stay there until the crisis ends . Nearly 9,000 Soviets were among the hundreds of thousands of foreigners trapped in Iraq and Kuwait . There have been reports of wholesale looting but food and gasoline were still available , said a spokesman , who by custom was not identified . Twelve Arab League nations voted for an Arab force to protect Saudi Arabia , with the vanguard of Syria 's contingent arriving Tuesday , according to diplomatic sources in Riyadh , the Saudi capital . The size of the contingent was not disclosed . King Hussein was reportedly carrying a message to Bush from Iraq 's Saddam , with whom the king met Monday . Crown Prince Hassan , King Hussein 's brother and political adviser , was asked today about the message the king was said to be carrying . Iraq boasts an army of 1 million members . 	answer: positive
event: The move aimed at heading off more trouble with Iran , which had condemned Iraq 's invasion of Kuwait on Aug. 2 but also criticized the multinational force dispatched to Saudi Arabia starts after heading more trouble with Iran , which had condemned Iraq 's invasion of Kuwait on Aug. 2 but also criticized the multinational force dispatched to Saudi Arabia story: Iraq 's Saddam Hussein , facing U.S. and Arab troops at the Saudi border , today sought peace on another front by promising to withdraw from Iranian territory and release soldiers captured during the Iran - Iraq war . Saddam appeared to accept a border demarcation treaty he had rejected in peace talks following the August 1988 cease - fire of the eight - year war with Iran . Bush can call up to 200,000 reservists for up to 180 days without seeking congressional approval . Sytenko , a former deputy secretary - general of the United Nations , is also expected to visit Baghdad , Gremitskikh said at a regular news briefing today . ABC quoted an Iraqi Foreign Ministry official in Baghdad as saying Americans in Iraq are ` ` restrictees ' ' who will stay there until the crisis ends . Nearly 9,000 Soviets were among the hundreds of thousands of foreigners trapped in Iraq and Kuwait . There have been reports of wholesale looting but food and gasoline were still available , said a spokesman , who by custom was not identified . Twelve Arab League nations voted for an Arab force to protect Saudi Arabia , with the vanguard of Syria 's contingent arriving Tuesday , according to diplomatic sources in Riyadh , the Saudi capital . The size of the contingent was not disclosed . King Hussein was reportedly carrying a message to Bush from Iraq 's Saddam , with whom the king met Monday . Crown Prince Hassan , King Hussein 's brother and political adviser , was asked today about the message the king was said to be carrying . Iraq boasts an army of 1 million members . 	answer: negative
event: a daughter of Czechoslovakia who as a child fled her native land starts before a daughter of Czechoslovakia who later became a U.S. citizen story: ( Xinhua ) -- In speeches before the signing ceremony , the ministers said their countries saw NATO membership as an assurance of security and recognition of their rightful place in Europe . Kavan said the Czech Republic would no longer become " the powerless victim of a foreign invasion . Martonyi called Hunragy 's admission in NATO " returning to her natural habitat , " saying : " It has been our manifest destiny to rejoin those with whom we share the same values , interests and goals . " And Geremek said it was " a great day for Poland and for the world . " U.S. Secretary of State Madeleine Albright accepted admission papers from the three countries ' foreign ministers , marking their formal entry into the 50-year - old Western alliance . " Hallelujah , " exclaimed Albright , a daughter of Czechoslovakia , who as a child  fled her native land and later  became a U.S. citizen . Ahead of the ceremony , NATO Secretary - General Javier Solana said that the accession of the three countries ... "is perhaps the clearest demonstration of the fact that Europe is growing closer together . " " Extending membership to these three democracies helps to stabilize a region that historically has been the staging ground for many of the disasters of this century , " Solana added , referring to the two world wars . The U.S. State Department has said the three new members " enhance NATO 's ability to fulfill its core mission of collective defense , respond to a range of security challenges and reduce the possibility of another major conflict in Europe of the kind that has claimed so many American lives . " 	answer: positive
event: a daughter of Czechoslovakia who as a child fled her native land starts after a daughter of Czechoslovakia who later became a U.S. citizen story: ( Xinhua ) -- In speeches before the signing ceremony , the ministers said their countries saw NATO membership as an assurance of security and recognition of their rightful place in Europe . Kavan said the Czech Republic would no longer become " the powerless victim of a foreign invasion . Martonyi called Hunragy 's admission in NATO " returning to her natural habitat , " saying : " It has been our manifest destiny to rejoin those with whom we share the same values , interests and goals . " And Geremek said it was " a great day for Poland and for the world . " U.S. Secretary of State Madeleine Albright accepted admission papers from the three countries ' foreign ministers , marking their formal entry into the 50-year - old Western alliance . " Hallelujah , " exclaimed Albright , a daughter of Czechoslovakia , who as a child  fled her native land and later  became a U.S. citizen . Ahead of the ceremony , NATO Secretary - General Javier Solana said that the accession of the three countries ... "is perhaps the clearest demonstration of the fact that Europe is growing closer together . " " Extending membership to these three democracies helps to stabilize a region that historically has been the staging ground for many of the disasters of this century , " Solana added , referring to the two world wars . The U.S. State Department has said the three new members " enhance NATO 's ability to fulfill its core mission of collective defense , respond to a range of security challenges and reduce the possibility of another major conflict in Europe of the kind that has claimed so many American lives . " 	answer: negative
event: Iraq 's Saddam Hussein , his options for ending the Persian Gulf crisis growing increasingly unpleasant assumed the role of embattled Arab hero in offering his first rough proposal for a negotiated end to the confrontation starts before The Iraqi leader in an " initiative " designed as much to rally Arab public opinion as to launch meaningful negotiations announced yesterday that he will withdraw his troops from Kuwait only if Israel withdraws from the West Bank and Syria from Lebanon story: " Mr. Baker declined to use the word blockade , but said that " interdiction " of Iraqi shipments would begin " almost instantly . President Bush implied as much yesterday when reporters asked whether the interdiction would apply to food . While shying away from actually using the word " blockade , " Mr. Bush acknowledged that the U.S. and others were trying to block shipping to Iraq . Though they insist they are n't trying to lure Saddam Hussein into an attack , officials hope that if he strikes again , the U.S. and its allies will have such an impressive force in place in Saudi Arabia that they will be able to crush him in retaliation . " And Iraq still has thousands of Americans and other Westerners under its control in Iraq and Kuwait . They are n't being allowed to leave and could become hostages . This is a guy who is impulsive , and therefore capable of big miscalculations , " says one senior administration official involved in managing the crisis . The official adds , though , that " at the same time , we think he is someone who is capable of rational judgments when it comes to power . There are disagreements among experts about how much pressure will be needed to make Saddam Hussein decide he 's up against the wall and whether simple economic pressure will ever be enough . U.S. officials claim they already see signs Saddam Hussein is getting nervous . U.S. commanders in charge of planning for Middle East crises have indicated in the past that they were capable of deploying as many as 300,000 troops . 	answer: positive
event: Iraq 's Saddam Hussein , his options for ending the Persian Gulf crisis growing increasingly unpleasant assumed the role of embattled Arab hero in offering his first rough proposal for a negotiated end to the confrontation starts after The Iraqi leader in an " initiative " designed as much to rally Arab public opinion as to launch meaningful negotiations announced yesterday that he will withdraw his troops from Kuwait only if Israel withdraws from the West Bank and Syria from Lebanon story: " Mr. Baker declined to use the word blockade , but said that " interdiction " of Iraqi shipments would begin " almost instantly . President Bush implied as much yesterday when reporters asked whether the interdiction would apply to food . While shying away from actually using the word " blockade , " Mr. Bush acknowledged that the U.S. and others were trying to block shipping to Iraq . Though they insist they are n't trying to lure Saddam Hussein into an attack , officials hope that if he strikes again , the U.S. and its allies will have such an impressive force in place in Saudi Arabia that they will be able to crush him in retaliation . " And Iraq still has thousands of Americans and other Westerners under its control in Iraq and Kuwait . They are n't being allowed to leave and could become hostages . This is a guy who is impulsive , and therefore capable of big miscalculations , " says one senior administration official involved in managing the crisis . The official adds , though , that " at the same time , we think he is someone who is capable of rational judgments when it comes to power . There are disagreements among experts about how much pressure will be needed to make Saddam Hussein decide he 's up against the wall and whether simple economic pressure will ever be enough . U.S. officials claim they already see signs Saddam Hussein is getting nervous . U.S. commanders in charge of planning for Middle East crises have indicated in the past that they were capable of deploying as many as 300,000 troops . 	answer: negative
event: The only people that are left are the hard - core , fanatical people starts after a high school teacher who works as an escort at abortion clinics story: Additional details of the slaying emerged on Sunday . Slepian 's lawyer , Glenn Edward Murray , said the sniper 's bullet entered through a partially draped kitchen window , hit Slepian in the back and exited through his chest . Slepian 's wife and one son tried to revive him . But one abortion opponent , the Rev. Donald Spitz , the founder of Pro - Life Virginia , described Slepian 's killer as a ` ` hero ' ' for ending the physician 's ` ` bloodthirsty practice . ' ' ` ` We as Christians have a responsibility to protect the innocent from being murdered , ' ' Spitz said in a statement released to The Associated Press , ` ` the same way we would want someone to protect us . Whoever shot the shot protected the children . ' In his Sunday Mass at St. Patrick 's Cathedral in New York , Cardinal John O'Connor called the murder wrong but he urged those angered by the slaying to be equally angered by abortions . Religious leaders in Buffalo also condemned the shooting . ' Susan Dudley , deputy director of the National Abortion Federation , assailed the remarks and called on anti - abortion groups to shift their tactics . ` ` I think that when pro - life organizations try to distinguish between themselves and these incidents they are at best being disingenuous , ' ' she said . ` ` They are the ones who call these doctors murderers . ' ' In Amherst , residents who said they opposed abortion decried the attack and said they hoped the perpetrator was caught . ` ` Everyone else has gone away . ' ' 	answer: positive
event: The only people that are left are the hard - core , fanatical people starts before a high school teacher who works as an escort at abortion clinics story: Additional details of the slaying emerged on Sunday . Slepian 's lawyer , Glenn Edward Murray , said the sniper 's bullet entered through a partially draped kitchen window , hit Slepian in the back and exited through his chest . Slepian 's wife and one son tried to revive him . But one abortion opponent , the Rev. Donald Spitz , the founder of Pro - Life Virginia , described Slepian 's killer as a ` ` hero ' ' for ending the physician 's ` ` bloodthirsty practice . ' ' ` ` We as Christians have a responsibility to protect the innocent from being murdered , ' ' Spitz said in a statement released to The Associated Press , ` ` the same way we would want someone to protect us . Whoever shot the shot protected the children . ' In his Sunday Mass at St. Patrick 's Cathedral in New York , Cardinal John O'Connor called the murder wrong but he urged those angered by the slaying to be equally angered by abortions . Religious leaders in Buffalo also condemned the shooting . ' Susan Dudley , deputy director of the National Abortion Federation , assailed the remarks and called on anti - abortion groups to shift their tactics . ` ` I think that when pro - life organizations try to distinguish between themselves and these incidents they are at best being disingenuous , ' ' she said . ` ` They are the ones who call these doctors murderers . ' ' In Amherst , residents who said they opposed abortion decried the attack and said they hoped the perpetrator was caught . ` ` Everyone else has gone away . ' ' 	answer: negative
event: on the boat wreck her 6-year - old son survived starts before he called a cliche story: he  called a cliche . He placed the blame on Lazaro Rafael Munero , who apparently organized the ill - fated journey on which Elian 's mother Elisabeth Brotons and 10 other people -- including Munero -- died . ` ` The mother was practically kidnapped along with the boy ' ' to make the late - November trip , Castro said . The Cuban leader said Elian had been especially loved by his parents because the mother had earlier suffered seven miscarriages . Tens of thousands of children flooded Havana 's Plaza of the Revolution to deliver a dual homage to Marti and Elian , the 6-year - old Cuban whose rescue off Florida 's coast two months ago set off a tug - of - war between relatives living on both sides of the Florida Straits . Wearing their red Communist Pioneer neckerchiefs , a string of young boys and girls recited poems they wrote for Elian , dubbed Cuba 's ` ` boy hero ' ' and ` ` symbolic child , ' ' and for Marti , commonly known on the island as Cuba 's ` ` teacher ' ' and ` ` apostle . ' ' The Communist Party daily Granma compared Elian with revolutionary icon Ernesto ` ` Che ' ' Guevara and said the boy ` ` has been converted forever into a symbol of the crimes and injustices that imperialism is capable of committing against an innocent . ' ` ` What is important for me is that they return the boy to me as soon as possible . ' 	answer: positive
event: on the boat wreck her 6-year - old son survived starts after he called a cliche story: he  called a cliche . He placed the blame on Lazaro Rafael Munero , who apparently organized the ill - fated journey on which Elian 's mother Elisabeth Brotons and 10 other people -- including Munero -- died . ` ` The mother was practically kidnapped along with the boy ' ' to make the late - November trip , Castro said . The Cuban leader said Elian had been especially loved by his parents because the mother had earlier suffered seven miscarriages . Tens of thousands of children flooded Havana 's Plaza of the Revolution to deliver a dual homage to Marti and Elian , the 6-year - old Cuban whose rescue off Florida 's coast two months ago set off a tug - of - war between relatives living on both sides of the Florida Straits . Wearing their red Communist Pioneer neckerchiefs , a string of young boys and girls recited poems they wrote for Elian , dubbed Cuba 's ` ` boy hero ' ' and ` ` symbolic child , ' ' and for Marti , commonly known on the island as Cuba 's ` ` teacher ' ' and ` ` apostle . ' ' The Communist Party daily Granma compared Elian with revolutionary icon Ernesto ` ` Che ' ' Guevara and said the boy ` ` has been converted forever into a symbol of the crimes and injustices that imperialism is capable of committing against an innocent . ' ` ` What is important for me is that they return the boy to me as soon as possible . ' 	answer: negative
event: Elian 's father , his four grandparents and his great - grandmother began weeping as they sat in a row of chairs facing the stage as the group sang of the boy 's mother starts after the group sang of the boy 's mother story: ` ` What right does that man have ? ' ' Juan Miguel Gonzalez said during a news conference in his hometown of Cardenas . ` ` I am the father of Elian and immigration has said that I am the only one who can speak for him ` ` Why should it be delayed ? ' ' Earlier Friday , lawyers filed a petition on behalf of Elian 's great - uncle , Lazaro Gonzalez . It is an attempt by his Miami relatives to get guardianship and then to file for applications for admission to the United States and asylum , said David Abraham , an immigration law professor at the University of Miami . ` ` Elian , Cardenas awaits you ... with kisses , ' ' a Cuban country music band sang . ` ` I plan to respond as quickly as possible , ' ' she said in a statement . Clinton said Friday the INS did the right thing . ` ` I believe they followed the law , ' ' We need to keep this out of the political process as much as possible . ' ' In contrast to Thursday , when two Cuban exile leaders and 133 other people were arrested and police were forced to use tear gas to disperse a crowd , protesters in Miami were much calmer Friday . However , the Cuban exile community called for more civil disobedience . Elian 's father , his four grandparents and his great - grandmother  began weeping as they sat in a row of chairs facing the stage as the group  sang of the boy 's mother . 	answer: positive
event: Elian 's father , his four grandparents and his great - grandmother began weeping as they sat in a row of chairs facing the stage as the group sang of the boy 's mother starts before the group sang of the boy 's mother story: ` ` What right does that man have ? ' ' Juan Miguel Gonzalez said during a news conference in his hometown of Cardenas . ` ` I am the father of Elian and immigration has said that I am the only one who can speak for him ` ` Why should it be delayed ? ' ' Earlier Friday , lawyers filed a petition on behalf of Elian 's great - uncle , Lazaro Gonzalez . It is an attempt by his Miami relatives to get guardianship and then to file for applications for admission to the United States and asylum , said David Abraham , an immigration law professor at the University of Miami . ` ` Elian , Cardenas awaits you ... with kisses , ' ' a Cuban country music band sang . ` ` I plan to respond as quickly as possible , ' ' she said in a statement . Clinton said Friday the INS did the right thing . ` ` I believe they followed the law , ' ' We need to keep this out of the political process as much as possible . ' ' In contrast to Thursday , when two Cuban exile leaders and 133 other people were arrested and police were forced to use tear gas to disperse a crowd , protesters in Miami were much calmer Friday . However , the Cuban exile community called for more civil disobedience . Elian 's father , his four grandparents and his great - grandmother  began weeping as they sat in a row of chairs facing the stage as the group  sang of the boy 's mother . 	answer: negative
event: On Monday Spitzer called for Vacco to revive that unit immediately vowing that he would do so on his first day in office if elected starts before the issue would surface in Spitzer 's advertisements story: And in the tight race for U.S. Senate , while the Democrat , Charles Schumer , another abortion - rights supporter , has not raised Slepian 's death himself , his aides say it puts a new emphasis on the issue . No suspects have been identified . In a New York Times / CBS News poll completed on Saturday , 69 percent of those polled said they did not know D'Amato 's position on abortion , and only 19 percent knew that he opposed abortion rights . Slepian 's death was among the first topics raised in Saturday night 's debate between the two men , and it was instantly followed by a question to D'Amato on whether he opposed first - trimester abortions for adult women . ` ` But sensitivities are so heightened from the shooting in western New York that it 's even more powerful . ' ' David Eichenbaum , a Democratic political consultant who is not working for anyone in this year 's campaign , said abortion ` ` is no longer the driving issue it once was , at least on the pro - choice side . ' ' It brings it home . ' ' ` ` Eliot is going to make a huge priority of this , ' ' A federal judge removed Vacco , then the U.S. attorney for western New York , from the case . He was replaced with two special prosecutors . Spitzer also criticized Vacco for dismantling the Office of Reproductive Rights , which investigated threats and crimes against abortion clinics , when he became attorney general . Several consultants agreed that there might be political hay to be made in Slepian 's death but that it had to be done carefully . 	answer: positive
event: On Monday Spitzer called for Vacco to revive that unit immediately vowing that he would do so on his first day in office if elected starts after the issue would surface in Spitzer 's advertisements story: And in the tight race for U.S. Senate , while the Democrat , Charles Schumer , another abortion - rights supporter , has not raised Slepian 's death himself , his aides say it puts a new emphasis on the issue . No suspects have been identified . In a New York Times / CBS News poll completed on Saturday , 69 percent of those polled said they did not know D'Amato 's position on abortion , and only 19 percent knew that he opposed abortion rights . Slepian 's death was among the first topics raised in Saturday night 's debate between the two men , and it was instantly followed by a question to D'Amato on whether he opposed first - trimester abortions for adult women . ` ` But sensitivities are so heightened from the shooting in western New York that it 's even more powerful . ' ' David Eichenbaum , a Democratic political consultant who is not working for anyone in this year 's campaign , said abortion ` ` is no longer the driving issue it once was , at least on the pro - choice side . ' ' It brings it home . ' ' ` ` Eliot is going to make a huge priority of this , ' ' A federal judge removed Vacco , then the U.S. attorney for western New York , from the case . He was replaced with two special prosecutors . Spitzer also criticized Vacco for dismantling the Office of Reproductive Rights , which investigated threats and crimes against abortion clinics , when he became attorney general . Several consultants agreed that there might be political hay to be made in Slepian 's death but that it had to be done carefully . 	answer: negative
event: President Fidel Castro declared Wednesday night that it is just matter of days before Elian Gonzalez will be reunited with his father starts before Elian Gonzalez will reunited with his father story: HAVANA ( AP ) -- I am talking about three days ' ' more or less , Castro told hundreds of university students from across Latin American and the Caribbean in town for a regional congress . ' ' It is inevitable . ' ' ' ' The battle of Elian has been won -- in judicial terms , in legal terms , in political terms , ' ' This courageous father will leave at 4 in the morning ( 4 a.m. EDT Thursday ) , ' ' And I , at least , will be there to see him off . ' ' He said the group would be met on arriving in Washington by Craig and Joan Brown Campbell of the National Council of Churches , who traveled with Craig on his lightning trip to Havana on Wednesday . The Cuban leader said that the U.S. government still did not know how it would transfer Elian to his father , but that it would happen quickly . The U.S. Immigration and Naturalization Service said earlier this week that once Gonzalez arrives in the United States it will begin the process to transfer Elian to his custody from the Miami relatives who have been caring for him since he was rescued off the coast of Florida in late November . The Miami kin has been battling to keep him in the United States , saying it can give him a better life off the communist island . Elian 's mother perished along with 10 others when their boat sank during the crossing from Cuba to the United States . Since the tragedy , Elian has become a political poster boy for Cubans with diametrically opposed ideologies living on both sides of the Florida Straits . 	answer: positive
event: President Fidel Castro declared Wednesday night that it is just matter of days before Elian Gonzalez will be reunited with his father starts after Elian Gonzalez will reunited with his father story: HAVANA ( AP ) -- I am talking about three days ' ' more or less , Castro told hundreds of university students from across Latin American and the Caribbean in town for a regional congress . ' ' It is inevitable . ' ' ' ' The battle of Elian has been won -- in judicial terms , in legal terms , in political terms , ' ' This courageous father will leave at 4 in the morning ( 4 a.m. EDT Thursday ) , ' ' And I , at least , will be there to see him off . ' ' He said the group would be met on arriving in Washington by Craig and Joan Brown Campbell of the National Council of Churches , who traveled with Craig on his lightning trip to Havana on Wednesday . The Cuban leader said that the U.S. government still did not know how it would transfer Elian to his father , but that it would happen quickly . The U.S. Immigration and Naturalization Service said earlier this week that once Gonzalez arrives in the United States it will begin the process to transfer Elian to his custody from the Miami relatives who have been caring for him since he was rescued off the coast of Florida in late November . The Miami kin has been battling to keep him in the United States , saying it can give him a better life off the communist island . Elian 's mother perished along with 10 others when their boat sank during the crossing from Cuba to the United States . Since the tragedy , Elian has become a political poster boy for Cubans with diametrically opposed ideologies living on both sides of the Florida Straits . 	answer: negative
event: Slepian killed starts before Kopp 's 1987 Chevrolet Cavalier was discovered last month at Newark , N.J. , International Airport the FBI said story: WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- Preliminary DNA tests link a missing anti - abortion activist to a strand of hair found near where a sniper shot and killed a Buffalo , N.Y. , doctor who performed abortions , a law enforcement official said Friday . The first round of DNA tests on the hair at the FBI Laboratory here established a high probability it came from the same person as a hair found in a New Jersey home where James C. Kopp , a 44-year - old anti - abortion protester , lived last year , the official said . Kopp has eluded authorities since they obtained a warrant for him as a material witness in the Oct. 23 sniper shooting of Dr. Barnett Slepian , a 52-year - old obstetrician - gynecologist who performed abortions . ` ` Ultimately , we would need to have a hair taken directly from Kopp himself to establish conclusively the hair from scene is his , ' ' the official added . N.Y. But The Buffalo News reported Friday that the hair was in a packet , with at least two bullets , that was found buried in the ground more than 50 feet from a tree where police believe the sniper stood and fired . In addition , a Customs Service videotape from a border crossing point shows the woman 's car returning from Mexico , these officials said . 	answer: positive
event: Slepian killed starts after Kopp 's 1987 Chevrolet Cavalier was discovered last month at Newark , N.J. , International Airport the FBI said story: WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- Preliminary DNA tests link a missing anti - abortion activist to a strand of hair found near where a sniper shot and killed a Buffalo , N.Y. , doctor who performed abortions , a law enforcement official said Friday . The first round of DNA tests on the hair at the FBI Laboratory here established a high probability it came from the same person as a hair found in a New Jersey home where James C. Kopp , a 44-year - old anti - abortion protester , lived last year , the official said . Kopp has eluded authorities since they obtained a warrant for him as a material witness in the Oct. 23 sniper shooting of Dr. Barnett Slepian , a 52-year - old obstetrician - gynecologist who performed abortions . ` ` Ultimately , we would need to have a hair taken directly from Kopp himself to establish conclusively the hair from scene is his , ' ' the official added . N.Y. But The Buffalo News reported Friday that the hair was in a packet , with at least two bullets , that was found buried in the ground more than 50 feet from a tree where police believe the sniper stood and fired . In addition , a Customs Service videotape from a border crossing point shows the woman 's car returning from Mexico , these officials said . 	answer: negative
event: Gonzalez cited his rights as the child 's sole surviving parent in his calls for his boy to be returned to him in communist Cuba starts after Elian 's mother and 10 others perished when their boat sank off the coast of Florida in late November during a crossing from Cuba to the United States story: HAVANA ( AP ) -- Tens of thousands of people paid tribute to the men who launched the Cuban Revolution more than four decades ago in a rally Saturday demanding the return of Elian Gonzalez . With the historic yacht Granma towering behind him , Raul Castro , younger brother of President Fidel Castro and head of Cuba 's Revolutionary Armed Forces , likened the revolutionary battle to the fight for Elian , the 6-year - old boy at the center of an international custody battle . ' ' Here , no one gives up ! ' ' In the years that followed , the guerrilla fighters waged war on the troops of dictator Fulgencio Batista , declaring victory on Jan. 1 , 1959 when Batista fled the country . As a father and the grandfather of eight children -- including a boy who just turned 6 , the same age as Elian -- Castro said he sympathized with the little boy 's father , Juan Miguel Gonzalez . Elian 's mother and 10 others  perished when their boat sank off the coast of Florida in late November during a crossing from Cuba to the United States . ' Elian today is the symbol of our unity , ' ' And our struggle will not end with the return of Elian , ' ' added Castro . He said the Cuban people would continue to protest American laws and policies aimed at Cuba , including a four - decade economic embargo and continued U.S. military presence at the Guantanamo Naval Station on the easternmost end of the island . 	answer: positive
event: Gonzalez cited his rights as the child 's sole surviving parent in his calls for his boy to be returned to him in communist Cuba starts before Elian 's mother and 10 others perished when their boat sank off the coast of Florida in late November during a crossing from Cuba to the United States story: HAVANA ( AP ) -- Tens of thousands of people paid tribute to the men who launched the Cuban Revolution more than four decades ago in a rally Saturday demanding the return of Elian Gonzalez . With the historic yacht Granma towering behind him , Raul Castro , younger brother of President Fidel Castro and head of Cuba 's Revolutionary Armed Forces , likened the revolutionary battle to the fight for Elian , the 6-year - old boy at the center of an international custody battle . ' ' Here , no one gives up ! ' ' In the years that followed , the guerrilla fighters waged war on the troops of dictator Fulgencio Batista , declaring victory on Jan. 1 , 1959 when Batista fled the country . As a father and the grandfather of eight children -- including a boy who just turned 6 , the same age as Elian -- Castro said he sympathized with the little boy 's father , Juan Miguel Gonzalez . Elian 's mother and 10 others  perished when their boat sank off the coast of Florida in late November during a crossing from Cuba to the United States . ' Elian today is the symbol of our unity , ' ' And our struggle will not end with the return of Elian , ' ' added Castro . He said the Cuban people would continue to protest American laws and policies aimed at Cuba , including a four - decade economic embargo and continued U.S. military presence at the Guantanamo Naval Station on the easternmost end of the island . 	answer: negative
event: waiting for a congressional tax ruling starts before Then after extending its offer four times waiting for a congressional tax ruling IMA early this month lowered its offer to $ 26.50 a share amid turbulence in the junk bond market story: IMA Holdings Corp. completed its $ 3 billion acquisition of American Medical International Inc. , purchasing 63 million shares , or 86 % , of the Los Angeles - based health - care services concern for $ 26.50 a share . The price also includes assumption of about $ 1.4 billion in debt . Harry J. Gray and Melvyn N. Klein , along with five other IMA designees , were named to join American Medical 's 10-member board . The completion of the merger agreement follows months of twists and turns . In January , American Medical brought in a new chief executive officer , Richard A. Gilleland , 45 , who will remain as chairman , president and chief executive . In March , American Medical received a $ 24-a - share offer to take the company private from an investor group including large holder M. Lee Pearce . It also was considering a restructuring to help boost the stock price . A group including several members of the the Bass family of Texas urged the company to take some steps to maximize shareholder value . It received more offers , but the auction was surprisingly won by IMA , which bid $ 28 a share and asked Mr. Gilleland to stay on as an equity participant . He indicated that some assets might be sold off to service the debt . American Medical accepted the offer , meanwhile indicating it had heard from two other suitors . But they never materialized and IMA completed the purchase yesterday . Other new board members include John S. Harrison and Mark A. Adley of First Boston , James F. Lyons , William S. Goldberg and Harold S. Handelsman . 	answer: positive
event: waiting for a congressional tax ruling starts after Then after extending its offer four times waiting for a congressional tax ruling IMA early this month lowered its offer to $ 26.50 a share amid turbulence in the junk bond market story: IMA Holdings Corp. completed its $ 3 billion acquisition of American Medical International Inc. , purchasing 63 million shares , or 86 % , of the Los Angeles - based health - care services concern for $ 26.50 a share . The price also includes assumption of about $ 1.4 billion in debt . Harry J. Gray and Melvyn N. Klein , along with five other IMA designees , were named to join American Medical 's 10-member board . The completion of the merger agreement follows months of twists and turns . In January , American Medical brought in a new chief executive officer , Richard A. Gilleland , 45 , who will remain as chairman , president and chief executive . In March , American Medical received a $ 24-a - share offer to take the company private from an investor group including large holder M. Lee Pearce . It also was considering a restructuring to help boost the stock price . A group including several members of the the Bass family of Texas urged the company to take some steps to maximize shareholder value . It received more offers , but the auction was surprisingly won by IMA , which bid $ 28 a share and asked Mr. Gilleland to stay on as an equity participant . He indicated that some assets might be sold off to service the debt . American Medical accepted the offer , meanwhile indicating it had heard from two other suitors . But they never materialized and IMA completed the purchase yesterday . Other new board members include John S. Harrison and Mark A. Adley of First Boston , James F. Lyons , William S. Goldberg and Harold S. Handelsman . 	answer: negative
event: Some of the biggest employment gains came in the construction industry , which added 92,000 jobs in January starts after the construction industry which added 92,000 jobs in January story: WASHINGTON _ The economy created jobs at a surprisingly robust pace in January , the government reported on Friday , evidence that America 's economic stamina has withstood any disruptions caused so far by the financial tumult in Asia . With growing opportunities for work drawing more people into the labor force , the unemployment rate remained at 4.7 percent last month , just a notch above its quarter - century low . Average hourly earnings of production and nonsupervisory employees rose 4 cents , to $ 12.51 . The gain left wages 3.8 percent higher than a year earlier , extending a trend that has given back to workers some of the earning power they lost to inflation in the last decade . ` ` Job creation is sturdy and we have effective price stability , ' ' said Paul McCulley , an economist at UBS Securities . The job figures for January extended a surge in employment gains that began last fall , just when the labor market had showed signs of cooling . ` ` The economy has been running on the fumes of the strength from before the Asia shock , ' ' McCulley said . ` ` Those fumes will exhaust themselves , and the manufacturing sector is going to start getting beat up in the spring . ' For the first time , the Labor Department broke out unemployment by education level as well as gender , age and race . Among high school graduates , the rate was 3.9 percent , and college graduates , 1.9 percent . 	answer: positive
event: Some of the biggest employment gains came in the construction industry , which added 92,000 jobs in January starts before the construction industry which added 92,000 jobs in January story: WASHINGTON _ The economy created jobs at a surprisingly robust pace in January , the government reported on Friday , evidence that America 's economic stamina has withstood any disruptions caused so far by the financial tumult in Asia . With growing opportunities for work drawing more people into the labor force , the unemployment rate remained at 4.7 percent last month , just a notch above its quarter - century low . Average hourly earnings of production and nonsupervisory employees rose 4 cents , to $ 12.51 . The gain left wages 3.8 percent higher than a year earlier , extending a trend that has given back to workers some of the earning power they lost to inflation in the last decade . ` ` Job creation is sturdy and we have effective price stability , ' ' said Paul McCulley , an economist at UBS Securities . The job figures for January extended a surge in employment gains that began last fall , just when the labor market had showed signs of cooling . ` ` The economy has been running on the fumes of the strength from before the Asia shock , ' ' McCulley said . ` ` Those fumes will exhaust themselves , and the manufacturing sector is going to start getting beat up in the spring . ' For the first time , the Labor Department broke out unemployment by education level as well as gender , age and race . Among high school graduates , the rate was 3.9 percent , and college graduates , 1.9 percent . 	answer: negative
event: the post-1959 politics split thousands of families apart starts before For decades Cuban Americans in Miami largely cut from the families they left behind story: Alone among his two brothers and two sisters who have fled Cuba for Miami , Manuel Gonzalez believes Elian should go back to Cuba to live with his father . ` ` I am supporting Juan Miguel because I know what it is to lose a son . ' His sincerity did n't stop the talk on Little Havana 's streets or on Miami 's ubiquitous Spanish - language radio stations , which buzzed with callers lambasting Gonzalez for playing into the hands of a tyrant . A day after he was hounded on the steps of the federal courthouse , Manuel Gonzalez would n't come to the door of his modest home in Miami 's Little Havana . Then came another sister , Georgina , in 1983 , followed by Manuel and Lazaro in 1984 . He worked as a police officer in a Cuban ministry , a position that probably helped his son _ Elian 's father _ get a job in the Communist island 's increasingly lucrative tourism industry . _ their relatives for years . The situation began to relax in the early 1990s , with the crisis triggered by the end of the former Soviet Union 's subsidies . Neither side would say what happened , but when Manuel returned to his house , he was so upset he felt heart palpitations and was taken to a hospital . Manuel Gonzalez has told reporters that he believes his family will recover _ at least partially _ from the divisions Elian 's case has brought . ` ` But the scars will always be there . ' ' 	answer: positive
event: the post-1959 politics split thousands of families apart starts after For decades Cuban Americans in Miami largely cut from the families they left behind story: Alone among his two brothers and two sisters who have fled Cuba for Miami , Manuel Gonzalez believes Elian should go back to Cuba to live with his father . ` ` I am supporting Juan Miguel because I know what it is to lose a son . ' His sincerity did n't stop the talk on Little Havana 's streets or on Miami 's ubiquitous Spanish - language radio stations , which buzzed with callers lambasting Gonzalez for playing into the hands of a tyrant . A day after he was hounded on the steps of the federal courthouse , Manuel Gonzalez would n't come to the door of his modest home in Miami 's Little Havana . Then came another sister , Georgina , in 1983 , followed by Manuel and Lazaro in 1984 . He worked as a police officer in a Cuban ministry , a position that probably helped his son _ Elian 's father _ get a job in the Communist island 's increasingly lucrative tourism industry . _ their relatives for years . The situation began to relax in the early 1990s , with the crisis triggered by the end of the former Soviet Union 's subsidies . Neither side would say what happened , but when Manuel returned to his house , he was so upset he felt heart palpitations and was taken to a hospital . Manuel Gonzalez has told reporters that he believes his family will recover _ at least partially _ from the divisions Elian 's case has brought . ` ` But the scars will always be there . ' ' 	answer: negative
event: Valley Federal also eliminated $ 9.9 million of good will starts before assuming no dramatic fluctuation in interest rates story: Valley Federal Savings amp Loan Association took an $ 89.9 million charge as it reported a third - quarter loss of $ 70.7 million , or $ 12.09 a share . The Van Nuys , Calif. , thrift had net income of $ 132,000 , or three cents a share , a year ago . The bulk of the pretax charge is a $ 62 million write - off of capitalized servicing at the mobile home financing subsidiary , which the company said had been a big drain on earnings . The company said the one - time provision would substantially eliminate all future losses at the unit . Valley Federal also added $ 18 million to realestate loan reserves and  eliminated $ 9.9 million of good will . The thrift said that " after these charges and  assuming no dramatic fluctuation in interest rates , the association expects to achieve near record earnings in 1990 . " Valley Federal is currently being examined by regulators . New loans continue to slow ; they were $ 6.6 million in the quarter compared with $ 361.8 million a year ago . The thrift has assets of $ 3.2 billion . 	answer: positive
event: Valley Federal also eliminated $ 9.9 million of good will starts after assuming no dramatic fluctuation in interest rates story: Valley Federal Savings amp Loan Association took an $ 89.9 million charge as it reported a third - quarter loss of $ 70.7 million , or $ 12.09 a share . The Van Nuys , Calif. , thrift had net income of $ 132,000 , or three cents a share , a year ago . The bulk of the pretax charge is a $ 62 million write - off of capitalized servicing at the mobile home financing subsidiary , which the company said had been a big drain on earnings . The company said the one - time provision would substantially eliminate all future losses at the unit . Valley Federal also added $ 18 million to realestate loan reserves and  eliminated $ 9.9 million of good will . The thrift said that " after these charges and  assuming no dramatic fluctuation in interest rates , the association expects to achieve near record earnings in 1990 . " Valley Federal is currently being examined by regulators . New loans continue to slow ; they were $ 6.6 million in the quarter compared with $ 361.8 million a year ago . The thrift has assets of $ 3.2 billion . 	answer: negative
event: Meantime the possibility of a meeting between Attorney General Janet Reno and Lazaro Gonzalez 's family reemerged Thursday starts after Reno agreed to a meeting earlier this week only to have Lazaro Gonzalez 's family withdraw the request story: WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- Meantime , the possibility of a meeting between Attorney General Janet Reno and Lazaro Gonzalez 's family  reemerged Thursday . But discussions have been renewed , a Justice official said Thursday . ` ` We 're doing what 's in Elian 's best interest . ` ` He wanted to reunite with his son -- but not in Cuba , ' ' The father 's response when learning that his boy was safe in Miami was ` ` take care of him until I can go , meaning go to the United States , ' ' Support for the bill has been waning . The Immigration and Naturalization Service has ruled in favor of the father 's request that the boy be returned to him in Cuba , but that decision was put on hold while the Miami relatives battle in federal court to keep him in this country . ' Florida state records show Lazaro Gonzalez , 49 , was found guilty of driving under the influence of alcohol at least twice from 1991 to 1997 . Records also show Lazaro Gonzalez 's 62-year - old brother , Delfin Gonzalez , has been found guilty at least twice of driving under the influence . On Wednesday , Ricardo Alarcon , head of Cuba 's National Assembly and Castro 's key man for U.S.-Cuban relations , said the convictions prove the homes of those uncles are no place for Elian . Armando Gutierrez , a spokesman for the Miami relatives , dismissed the criticism : ` ` Elian is surrounded by love . ' ' 	answer: positive
event: Meantime the possibility of a meeting between Attorney General Janet Reno and Lazaro Gonzalez 's family reemerged Thursday starts before Reno agreed to a meeting earlier this week only to have Lazaro Gonzalez 's family withdraw the request story: WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- Meantime , the possibility of a meeting between Attorney General Janet Reno and Lazaro Gonzalez 's family  reemerged Thursday . But discussions have been renewed , a Justice official said Thursday . ` ` We 're doing what 's in Elian 's best interest . ` ` He wanted to reunite with his son -- but not in Cuba , ' ' The father 's response when learning that his boy was safe in Miami was ` ` take care of him until I can go , meaning go to the United States , ' ' Support for the bill has been waning . The Immigration and Naturalization Service has ruled in favor of the father 's request that the boy be returned to him in Cuba , but that decision was put on hold while the Miami relatives battle in federal court to keep him in this country . ' Florida state records show Lazaro Gonzalez , 49 , was found guilty of driving under the influence of alcohol at least twice from 1991 to 1997 . Records also show Lazaro Gonzalez 's 62-year - old brother , Delfin Gonzalez , has been found guilty at least twice of driving under the influence . On Wednesday , Ricardo Alarcon , head of Cuba 's National Assembly and Castro 's key man for U.S.-Cuban relations , said the convictions prove the homes of those uncles are no place for Elian . Armando Gutierrez , a spokesman for the Miami relatives , dismissed the criticism : ` ` Elian is surrounded by love . ' ' 	answer: negative
event: a Buffalo , N.Y. , doctor who performed abortions starts after a New Jersey home where James C. Kopp , a 44-year - old anti - abortion protester , lived last year story: WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- The first DNA tests did not exclude a match between the two strands . Meantime , FBI agents and Metropolitan Police officers assigned to a joint terrorism task force here scanned the crowd of anti - abortion protesters at the annual March for Life on Capitol Hill , because Kopp has been either a participant in or arrested at this march in each of the last three years , according to another law enforcement official , Both officials requested anonymity . This more extensive set of tests could enable officials to declare an absolute match between the two hair strands , the first law enforcement official said . ` ` Ultimately , we would need to have a hair taken directly from Kopp himself to establish conclusively the hair from scene is his , ' ' the official added . The official said the hair was in a cap that authorities found very near the location from which the sniper is thought to have fired the rifle bullet that killed Slepian as he stood in the kitchen of his home in the Buffalo suburb of Amherst , In addition , a Customs Service videotape from a border crossing point shows the woman 's car returning from Mexico , these officials said . Authorities obtained a material - witness arrest warrant for Kopp after they said Kopp 's car was spotted in Amherst in the weeks before Slepian was killed . Kopp 's 1987 Chevrolet Cavalier was discovered last month at Newark , N.J. , International Airport , the FBI said . The car had been in the long - term lot for about two weeks , said Greg Trevor , a spokesman for the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey . 	answer: positive
event: a Buffalo , N.Y. , doctor who performed abortions starts before a New Jersey home where James C. Kopp , a 44-year - old anti - abortion protester , lived last year story: WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- The first DNA tests did not exclude a match between the two strands . Meantime , FBI agents and Metropolitan Police officers assigned to a joint terrorism task force here scanned the crowd of anti - abortion protesters at the annual March for Life on Capitol Hill , because Kopp has been either a participant in or arrested at this march in each of the last three years , according to another law enforcement official , Both officials requested anonymity . This more extensive set of tests could enable officials to declare an absolute match between the two hair strands , the first law enforcement official said . ` ` Ultimately , we would need to have a hair taken directly from Kopp himself to establish conclusively the hair from scene is his , ' ' the official added . The official said the hair was in a cap that authorities found very near the location from which the sniper is thought to have fired the rifle bullet that killed Slepian as he stood in the kitchen of his home in the Buffalo suburb of Amherst , In addition , a Customs Service videotape from a border crossing point shows the woman 's car returning from Mexico , these officials said . Authorities obtained a material - witness arrest warrant for Kopp after they said Kopp 's car was spotted in Amherst in the weeks before Slepian was killed . Kopp 's 1987 Chevrolet Cavalier was discovered last month at Newark , N.J. , International Airport , the FBI said . The car had been in the long - term lot for about two weeks , said Greg Trevor , a spokesman for the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey . 	answer: negative
event: the second anti - abortion activist sought by the FBI as a suspect in a fatal attack starts after the January 1998 bombing of a Birmingham , Ala. , abortion clinic that killed an off - duty police officer story: Federal and state arrest warrants were issued for James C. Kopp , 44 , of St. Albans , Vt . His whereabouts are unknown . The federal charge also carries a fine of up to $ 250,000 . In response to the new charges , Canadian officials confirmed that Kopp is a suspect in sniper shootings that injured abortion doctors in November in Vancouver , British Columbia ; Winnipeg , Manitoba ; and Hamilton , Ontario . Investigators would not divulge the evidence against Kopp but said last month 's discovery of a scope - equipped rifle buried near the Slepian home represented a major breakthrough . Kopp also has been linked , through DNA testing , to a strand of hair found near where the sniper fired , law enforcement sources have said . Nicknamed the ` ` Atomic Dog ' ' in anti - abortion circles , Kopp had been arrested in several states since 1990 for protesting abortion . His car was spotted in Slepian 's suburban Amherst neighborhood in the weeks before the shooting , and was found abandoned at New Jersey 's Newark International Airport in December , investigators said . Kopp 's stepmother , who married Kopp 's father when Kopp was in his 30s , said Thursday from her home in Irving , Texas : ` ` I would like to see him come forward and clear his name if he 's not guilty , and if he 's guilty , to contact a priest and make his amends with society , face what he did . ' Kopp is now the second anti - abortion activist being  sought by the FBI as a suspect in a fatal attack . 	answer: positive
event: the second anti - abortion activist sought by the FBI as a suspect in a fatal attack starts before the January 1998 bombing of a Birmingham , Ala. , abortion clinic that killed an off - duty police officer story: Federal and state arrest warrants were issued for James C. Kopp , 44 , of St. Albans , Vt . His whereabouts are unknown . The federal charge also carries a fine of up to $ 250,000 . In response to the new charges , Canadian officials confirmed that Kopp is a suspect in sniper shootings that injured abortion doctors in November in Vancouver , British Columbia ; Winnipeg , Manitoba ; and Hamilton , Ontario . Investigators would not divulge the evidence against Kopp but said last month 's discovery of a scope - equipped rifle buried near the Slepian home represented a major breakthrough . Kopp also has been linked , through DNA testing , to a strand of hair found near where the sniper fired , law enforcement sources have said . Nicknamed the ` ` Atomic Dog ' ' in anti - abortion circles , Kopp had been arrested in several states since 1990 for protesting abortion . His car was spotted in Slepian 's suburban Amherst neighborhood in the weeks before the shooting , and was found abandoned at New Jersey 's Newark International Airport in December , investigators said . Kopp 's stepmother , who married Kopp 's father when Kopp was in his 30s , said Thursday from her home in Irving , Texas : ` ` I would like to see him come forward and clear his name if he 's not guilty , and if he 's guilty , to contact a priest and make his amends with society , face what he did . ' Kopp is now the second anti - abortion activist being  sought by the FBI as a suspect in a fatal attack . 	answer: negative
event: The myths that Japan is not open to concerns from outside I think demolished at a stroke starts before The myths that Japan is not open to concerns from outside has , I think , been demolished at a stroke Mr. Nadir said story: Japanese government officials , eager to rebut foreign criticism of Japanese investments overseas , hailed the transaction as proof foreigners can make similar investments in Japan . " The myths that Japan is not open to concerns from outside has , I think , been  demolished at a stroke , " Mr. Nadir  said . If you find sound , healthy companies in Japan , they are not for sale , " said George Watanabe , a management - consultant at Sansui was once one of Japan 's premier makers of expensive , high - quality stereo gear for audiophiles . But in recent years , the market has moved toward less expensive " mini - component " sets , miniaturized amplifiers and receivers and software players that could be stacked on top of each other . Sansui was late into the mini - component business and failed to branch into other new businesses . In some industries , like pharmaceuticals , acquisitions make sense . Whether Polly Peck 's acquisition makes sense remains to be seen , but at the news conference , Mr. Nadir brimmed with self - confidence that he can turn Sansui around . " And while Polly Peck is n't jettisoning the existent top - management structure of Sansui , it is bringing in a former Toshiba Corp. executive as executive vice president and chief operating officer . He took Polly Peck , once a small fabric wholesaler , and used it at as a base to build a conglomerate that has been doubling its profits annually since 1980 . 	answer: positive
event: The myths that Japan is not open to concerns from outside I think demolished at a stroke starts after The myths that Japan is not open to concerns from outside has , I think , been demolished at a stroke Mr. Nadir said story: Japanese government officials , eager to rebut foreign criticism of Japanese investments overseas , hailed the transaction as proof foreigners can make similar investments in Japan . " The myths that Japan is not open to concerns from outside has , I think , been  demolished at a stroke , " Mr. Nadir  said . If you find sound , healthy companies in Japan , they are not for sale , " said George Watanabe , a management - consultant at Sansui was once one of Japan 's premier makers of expensive , high - quality stereo gear for audiophiles . But in recent years , the market has moved toward less expensive " mini - component " sets , miniaturized amplifiers and receivers and software players that could be stacked on top of each other . Sansui was late into the mini - component business and failed to branch into other new businesses . In some industries , like pharmaceuticals , acquisitions make sense . Whether Polly Peck 's acquisition makes sense remains to be seen , but at the news conference , Mr. Nadir brimmed with self - confidence that he can turn Sansui around . " And while Polly Peck is n't jettisoning the existent top - management structure of Sansui , it is bringing in a former Toshiba Corp. executive as executive vice president and chief operating officer . He took Polly Peck , once a small fabric wholesaler , and used it at as a base to build a conglomerate that has been doubling its profits annually since 1980 . 	answer: negative
event: known to be in custody in the Metropolitan Correctional Center in New York starts after Six suspects in the Bin Laden investigation be in custody in the Metropolitan Correctional Center in New York story: WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- A total of $ 650,000 , meanwhile , is being offered for information leading to the arrest of Kopp , who is charged with gunning down Dr. Barnett Slepian last fall in his home in Buffalo , N.Y. Slepian provided legal abortions in western New York state . The standard $ 50,000 reward for information leading to a listed fugitive 's capture comes on top of a $ 500,000 reward announced earlier by Attorney General Janet Reno , plus a $ 100,000 award offered previously by the FBI . Freeh said Bin Laden may be hiding out in Afghanistan , which has been uncooperative in the case . Kopp , meanwhile , may have approached the border with Mexico , but it is unknown whether he crossed into that country , said Freeh . Carpenter said the U.S. government 's counterterrorism program has paid out over $ 6 million in some 20 cases around the world for credible information . The two were removed from the list after Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi agreed in April to hand them over for trial in the Netherlands , a neutral venue . The FBI says Bin Laden is the leader of a terrorist organization known as Al - Aqeda , ` ` The Base . ' ' Kopp wears eyeglasses , walks with a slight limp , is 5 feet , 10 inches tall and weighs 150 to 175 pounds . Prior to the Slepian 's shooting , Kopp had traveled the country and world , authorities said . He has been arrested more than a dozen times during abortion protests in seven states and Italy , but has no felony convictions . 	answer: positive
event: known to be in custody in the Metropolitan Correctional Center in New York starts before Six suspects in the Bin Laden investigation be in custody in the Metropolitan Correctional Center in New York story: WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- A total of $ 650,000 , meanwhile , is being offered for information leading to the arrest of Kopp , who is charged with gunning down Dr. Barnett Slepian last fall in his home in Buffalo , N.Y. Slepian provided legal abortions in western New York state . The standard $ 50,000 reward for information leading to a listed fugitive 's capture comes on top of a $ 500,000 reward announced earlier by Attorney General Janet Reno , plus a $ 100,000 award offered previously by the FBI . Freeh said Bin Laden may be hiding out in Afghanistan , which has been uncooperative in the case . Kopp , meanwhile , may have approached the border with Mexico , but it is unknown whether he crossed into that country , said Freeh . Carpenter said the U.S. government 's counterterrorism program has paid out over $ 6 million in some 20 cases around the world for credible information . The two were removed from the list after Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi agreed in April to hand them over for trial in the Netherlands , a neutral venue . The FBI says Bin Laden is the leader of a terrorist organization known as Al - Aqeda , ` ` The Base . ' ' Kopp wears eyeglasses , walks with a slight limp , is 5 feet , 10 inches tall and weighs 150 to 175 pounds . Prior to the Slepian 's shooting , Kopp had traveled the country and world , authorities said . He has been arrested more than a dozen times during abortion protests in seven states and Italy , but has no felony convictions . 	answer: negative
event: Mr. Wonham remains responsible for the offices of comptroller , planning , marketing and general services starts before Frederick B. Taylor , 48 , also named a vice chairman and chief investment officer , a new post story: U.S. Trust , a 136-year - old institution that is one of the earliest high - net worth banks in the U.S. , has faced intensifying competition from other firms that have established , and heavily promoted , private - banking businesses of their own . As a result , U.S. Trust 's earnings have been hurt . But Mr. Schwarz welcomes the competition in U.S. Trust 's flagship businesses , calling it " flattery . Mr. Schwarz says the competition " broadens the base of opportunity for us . " Previously , the company advertised at the $ 2 million level . " " The new services allow U.S. Trust to cater to the " new wealth , " Mr. Schwarz says . Quarterly net income this year has risen just over comparable periods in 1988 , when year - end net was below the 1987 level . In this year 's third quarter , for example , net was $ 10.5 million , or $ 1.05 a share , compared with $ 10.3 million , or $ 1.02 a share , a year earlier . Assets as of Sept. 30 fell to $ 2.46 billion from about $ 2.77 billion . " It will include Messrs. Schwarz and Maurer . Donald M. Roberts , 54 , treasurer , and Frederick S. Wonham , 58 , who takes responsibility for the funds - service group , were named vice chairmen and will serve in the office of the chairman . He previously held similar responsibilities . James E. Bacon , 58 , executive vice president , who has directed the funds - service group , will retire . 	answer: positive
event: Mr. Wonham remains responsible for the offices of comptroller , planning , marketing and general services starts after Frederick B. Taylor , 48 , also named a vice chairman and chief investment officer , a new post story: U.S. Trust , a 136-year - old institution that is one of the earliest high - net worth banks in the U.S. , has faced intensifying competition from other firms that have established , and heavily promoted , private - banking businesses of their own . As a result , U.S. Trust 's earnings have been hurt . But Mr. Schwarz welcomes the competition in U.S. Trust 's flagship businesses , calling it " flattery . Mr. Schwarz says the competition " broadens the base of opportunity for us . " Previously , the company advertised at the $ 2 million level . " " The new services allow U.S. Trust to cater to the " new wealth , " Mr. Schwarz says . Quarterly net income this year has risen just over comparable periods in 1988 , when year - end net was below the 1987 level . In this year 's third quarter , for example , net was $ 10.5 million , or $ 1.05 a share , compared with $ 10.3 million , or $ 1.02 a share , a year earlier . Assets as of Sept. 30 fell to $ 2.46 billion from about $ 2.77 billion . " It will include Messrs. Schwarz and Maurer . Donald M. Roberts , 54 , treasurer , and Frederick S. Wonham , 58 , who takes responsibility for the funds - service group , were named vice chairmen and will serve in the office of the chairman . He previously held similar responsibilities . James E. Bacon , 58 , executive vice president , who has directed the funds - service group , will retire . 	answer: negative
event: Amdahl Corp. , a maker of mainframe computers , reported a sharp decline in net income for its third quarter citing pricecutting by competitors and adverse effects from a strong U.S. dollar starts after Net income fell 37 % to $ 32.9 million , or 30 cents a share , from $ 52.2 million , or 48 cents a share , in the year - ago period story: Amdahl Corp. , a maker of mainframe computers ,  reported a sharp decline in net income for its third quarter , citing pricecutting by competitors and adverse effects from a strong U.S. dollar . Net income  fell 37 % to $ 32.9 million , or 30 cents a share , from $ 52.2 million , or 48 cents a share , in the year - ago period . Revenue rose 15 % to $ 534.3 million from $ 464.7 million . Amdahl 's results were somewhat worse than expected . Jay Stevens , an analyst with Dean Witter Reynolds , said he expected the Sunnyvale , Calif. , company to earn 35 cents a share for the quarter and said the firm 's weaker profit was partly the result of increased competition from International Business Machines Corp. , Amdahl 's principal competitor for mainframe sales . 	answer: positive
event: Amdahl Corp. , a maker of mainframe computers , reported a sharp decline in net income for its third quarter citing pricecutting by competitors and adverse effects from a strong U.S. dollar starts before Net income fell 37 % to $ 32.9 million , or 30 cents a share , from $ 52.2 million , or 48 cents a share , in the year - ago period story: Amdahl Corp. , a maker of mainframe computers ,  reported a sharp decline in net income for its third quarter , citing pricecutting by competitors and adverse effects from a strong U.S. dollar . Net income  fell 37 % to $ 32.9 million , or 30 cents a share , from $ 52.2 million , or 48 cents a share , in the year - ago period . Revenue rose 15 % to $ 534.3 million from $ 464.7 million . Amdahl 's results were somewhat worse than expected . Jay Stevens , an analyst with Dean Witter Reynolds , said he expected the Sunnyvale , Calif. , company to earn 35 cents a share for the quarter and said the firm 's weaker profit was partly the result of increased competition from International Business Machines Corp. , Amdahl 's principal competitor for mainframe sales . 	answer: negative
event: The company also took a write - off of $ 150 million to cover losses on some fixed - price defense contracts as some new managers took a hard look at the prospects for that slow - growing business starts after some new managers took a hard look at the prospects for that slow - growing business story: On top of that , the Blue Bell , Pa. , concern took a $ 230 million charge related to the layoffs of 8,000 employees . That is at the high end of the range of 7,000 to 8,000 employees that Unisys said a month ago would be laid off . In addition , Unisys said it reduced computer inventories a further $ 100 million during the quarter , leaving it within $ 100 million of its goal of a reduction of $ 500 million by the end of the year . Still , Unisys said its European business was weak during the quarter , a worrisome sign given that the company has relied on solid results overseas to overcome weakness in the U.S. over the past several quarters . The company also reported slower growth in another important business : systems that use the Unix operating system . In addition , Unisys must deal with its increasingly oppressive debt load . He said the move toward standard operating systems means customers are n't locked into buying from their traditional computer supplier and can force prices down . But the company said Friday that it had losses of $ 673.3 million through the first nine months , compared with earnings a year earlier of $ 382.2 million , or $ 2.22 a share fully diluted , as revenue inched up 1.4 % to $ 7.13 billion from $ 7.03 billion . So Steve Milunovich at First Boston said he is cutting his earnings estimate for next year to $ 2 a share from $ 3 . " " Reflecting the concern , Unisys stock fell a further 75 cents to $ 16.25 in composite trading Friday on the New York Stock Exchange . 	answer: positive
event: The company also took a write - off of $ 150 million to cover losses on some fixed - price defense contracts as some new managers took a hard look at the prospects for that slow - growing business starts before some new managers took a hard look at the prospects for that slow - growing business story: On top of that , the Blue Bell , Pa. , concern took a $ 230 million charge related to the layoffs of 8,000 employees . That is at the high end of the range of 7,000 to 8,000 employees that Unisys said a month ago would be laid off . In addition , Unisys said it reduced computer inventories a further $ 100 million during the quarter , leaving it within $ 100 million of its goal of a reduction of $ 500 million by the end of the year . Still , Unisys said its European business was weak during the quarter , a worrisome sign given that the company has relied on solid results overseas to overcome weakness in the U.S. over the past several quarters . The company also reported slower growth in another important business : systems that use the Unix operating system . In addition , Unisys must deal with its increasingly oppressive debt load . He said the move toward standard operating systems means customers are n't locked into buying from their traditional computer supplier and can force prices down . But the company said Friday that it had losses of $ 673.3 million through the first nine months , compared with earnings a year earlier of $ 382.2 million , or $ 2.22 a share fully diluted , as revenue inched up 1.4 % to $ 7.13 billion from $ 7.03 billion . So Steve Milunovich at First Boston said he is cutting his earnings estimate for next year to $ 2 a share from $ 3 . " " Reflecting the concern , Unisys stock fell a further 75 cents to $ 16.25 in composite trading Friday on the New York Stock Exchange . 	answer: negative
event: blocked intersections starts before cut access to the Port of Miami story: HAVANA ( AP ) -- While state - run television broadcast footage of Cuban exiles protesting in Miami against the repatriation of Elian Gonzalez , the Cuban government urged its people to keep up their own demonstrations to ensure the boy 's return . The unusual airing of protests against President Fidel Castro appeared aimed at warning Cuban citizens that South Florida exiles could still force the reversal of the U.S. government 's decision to return Gonzalez to Cuba . Castro attended a rally Thursday by media workers at Havana 's Palace of Conventions to demand Gonzalez 's return . For weeks the communist government has held such rallies almost daily . After the rally , state television showed the Cuban exiles in the streets of Miami -- some of them carrying signs demanding ` ` Freedom for Elian , ' ' the same battle cry regularly chanted during rallies on this side of the Florida Straits . A voiceover to the footage called the exiles ` ` criminals ' ' and ` ` mafia members . ' ' '  blocked intersections and  cut off access to the Port of Miami . In one case , riot police had to use tear gas to clear them . Cuban exiles in Miami will now ` ` proceed with all their resources to impede or delay ' ' the ruling , Cuba predicted Wednesday . Rescued on Nov. 25 by fishermen off the Florida coast , Elian has become the subject of an international custody battle . His mother died in a boating accident trying to get Elian and herself to the United States . The boy 's father , Juan Miguel Gonzalez , lives in Cuba and wants Elian back . 	answer: positive
event: blocked intersections starts after cut access to the Port of Miami story: HAVANA ( AP ) -- While state - run television broadcast footage of Cuban exiles protesting in Miami against the repatriation of Elian Gonzalez , the Cuban government urged its people to keep up their own demonstrations to ensure the boy 's return . The unusual airing of protests against President Fidel Castro appeared aimed at warning Cuban citizens that South Florida exiles could still force the reversal of the U.S. government 's decision to return Gonzalez to Cuba . Castro attended a rally Thursday by media workers at Havana 's Palace of Conventions to demand Gonzalez 's return . For weeks the communist government has held such rallies almost daily . After the rally , state television showed the Cuban exiles in the streets of Miami -- some of them carrying signs demanding ` ` Freedom for Elian , ' ' the same battle cry regularly chanted during rallies on this side of the Florida Straits . A voiceover to the footage called the exiles ` ` criminals ' ' and ` ` mafia members . ' ' '  blocked intersections and  cut off access to the Port of Miami . In one case , riot police had to use tear gas to clear them . Cuban exiles in Miami will now ` ` proceed with all their resources to impede or delay ' ' the ruling , Cuba predicted Wednesday . Rescued on Nov. 25 by fishermen off the Florida coast , Elian has become the subject of an international custody battle . His mother died in a boating accident trying to get Elian and herself to the United States . The boy 's father , Juan Miguel Gonzalez , lives in Cuba and wants Elian back . 	answer: negative
event: Castro assuring them that their planned trip to Washington to retrieve their little friend was a very important mission starts after they formed a powerful ' ' commando story: HAVANA ( AP ) -- Gonzalez said he would go get his son alone if U.S. authorities promised they would turn Elian over to him immediately and allow them to fly back to Cuba right away , Castro said Sunday . ' ' I am willing to leave tomorrow , absolutely alone and transport myself to where the child is , ' ' Gonzalez for months refused requests by Elian 's Miami relatives to go to the United States to claim the boy . It was unclear if American authorities would give the Cubans the 28 visas they have proposed . In another dramatic move , Castro announced that the chief of the Cuban Interests Section in Washington was willing to revoke the diplomatic immunity on his residence , where Cuba has proposed Gonzalez stay with Elian and the rest of his family during the federal appeal -- which could take as long as a month or two . Castro said that if those who oppose returning Elian to Cuba are worried about turning the child over to ' ' what is considered Cuban territory , then our Interests Section is willing to renounce diplomatic immunity of the residence of the chief of this section in Washington . ' ' His mother was among 11 people who died after they boat sank during the attempted crossing from Cuba to the United States . Gonzalez has demanded his rights as the child 's sole surviving parent and wants Elian returned to him . Earlier , they had said they would give the boy to Gonzalez if he made the trip . 	answer: positive
event: Castro assuring them that their planned trip to Washington to retrieve their little friend was a very important mission starts before they formed a powerful ' ' commando story: HAVANA ( AP ) -- Gonzalez said he would go get his son alone if U.S. authorities promised they would turn Elian over to him immediately and allow them to fly back to Cuba right away , Castro said Sunday . ' ' I am willing to leave tomorrow , absolutely alone and transport myself to where the child is , ' ' Gonzalez for months refused requests by Elian 's Miami relatives to go to the United States to claim the boy . It was unclear if American authorities would give the Cubans the 28 visas they have proposed . In another dramatic move , Castro announced that the chief of the Cuban Interests Section in Washington was willing to revoke the diplomatic immunity on his residence , where Cuba has proposed Gonzalez stay with Elian and the rest of his family during the federal appeal -- which could take as long as a month or two . Castro said that if those who oppose returning Elian to Cuba are worried about turning the child over to ' ' what is considered Cuban territory , then our Interests Section is willing to renounce diplomatic immunity of the residence of the chief of this section in Washington . ' ' His mother was among 11 people who died after they boat sank during the attempted crossing from Cuba to the United States . Gonzalez has demanded his rights as the child 's sole surviving parent and wants Elian returned to him . Earlier , they had said they would give the boy to Gonzalez if he made the trip . 	answer: negative
event: the revolution that brought Castro to power 42 years ago starts before the Miami ` ` worms ' ' who support Elian 's kept in the United States story: HAVANA ( AP ) -- Elian Gonzalez 's father said in a letter published Wednesday that he wants Cuban diplomats based in Washington to meet with his 6-year - old son in Miami and check on his condition . Juan Miguel Gonzalez wrote in a letter published on the front page of the Communist Party daily Granma . ` ` We lack direct information about the concrete conditions to which he is subjected in his daily life . ' ' There was no immediate response from the U.S. government to the request . Hundreds of former fighters in the revolution that  brought Castro to power 42 years ago gathered Wednesday night to denounce the Miami ` ` worms ' ' who support Elian 's being  kept in the United States . ` ` I formally object to the legal moves made or being made by those who are arbitrarily retaining Elian , ' ' In the letter , Gonzalez said he does not recognize the jurisdiction of the U.S. court system , which is weighing an attempt by Elian 's Miami relatives to block his return to Cuba . Elian is staying with his paternal great - uncle Lazaro Gonzalez , who is fighting to keep the boy with him in the United States . Cuban exiles in Miami say the boy 's mother died to give him freedom in the United States , while the Cuban government maintains Elian is being improperly kept from his father . ` ` Juan Miguel must not have written the letter himself , ' ' said Armando Gutierrez , spokesman for Elian 's relatives in Miami . The INS ruled last month that only Elian 's father has the right to speak for the boy in immigration matters . 	answer: positive
event: the revolution that brought Castro to power 42 years ago starts after the Miami ` ` worms ' ' who support Elian 's kept in the United States story: HAVANA ( AP ) -- Elian Gonzalez 's father said in a letter published Wednesday that he wants Cuban diplomats based in Washington to meet with his 6-year - old son in Miami and check on his condition . Juan Miguel Gonzalez wrote in a letter published on the front page of the Communist Party daily Granma . ` ` We lack direct information about the concrete conditions to which he is subjected in his daily life . ' ' There was no immediate response from the U.S. government to the request . Hundreds of former fighters in the revolution that  brought Castro to power 42 years ago gathered Wednesday night to denounce the Miami ` ` worms ' ' who support Elian 's being  kept in the United States . ` ` I formally object to the legal moves made or being made by those who are arbitrarily retaining Elian , ' ' In the letter , Gonzalez said he does not recognize the jurisdiction of the U.S. court system , which is weighing an attempt by Elian 's Miami relatives to block his return to Cuba . Elian is staying with his paternal great - uncle Lazaro Gonzalez , who is fighting to keep the boy with him in the United States . Cuban exiles in Miami say the boy 's mother died to give him freedom in the United States , while the Cuban government maintains Elian is being improperly kept from his father . ` ` Juan Miguel must not have written the letter himself , ' ' said Armando Gutierrez , spokesman for Elian 's relatives in Miami . The INS ruled last month that only Elian 's father has the right to speak for the boy in immigration matters . 	answer: negative
event: U.S. allies and other U.N. members objected that the Security Council embargo resolution did not specifically authorize such a naval operation starts before Bush told a news conference on Tuesday that the naval barricade now in force might be extended to Jordan 's Aqaba ` ` if it is a hole through which commerce flows ' ' in and out of Iraq story: Soviet officials also said Soviet women , children and invalids would be allowed to leave Iraq . The U.S. military buildup in Saudi Arabia continued at fever pace , with Syrian troops now part of a multinational force camped out in the desert to guard the Saudi kingdom from any new thrust by Iraq . The move seemed aimed at heading off more trouble with Iran , which had condemned Iraq 's invasion of Kuwait on Aug. 2 but also criticized the multinational force dispatched to Saudi Arabia . Soviet Foreign Ministry spokesman Yuri Gremitskikh said special ambassador Mikhail Sytenko left Tuesday for consultations with the governments of Syria , Jordan , Egypt and other Arab countries . There have been reports of wholesale looting but food and gasoline were still available , said a spokesman , who by custom was not identified . The U.N. Security Council on Aug. 6 ordered a global embargo on trade with Iraq as punishment for seizing Kuwait . Turkey and Saudi Arabia in effect shut down Iraq 's major oil outlets through those countries , but according to Jordanian officials , a smaller line into Jordan remained operating . In exchange , the buildup of U.S. forces in the region would halt . _ at least until economic sanctions force Saddam to withdraw his army . U.S. allies and other U.N. members have  objected that the Security Council embargo resolution did not specifically authorize such a naval operation . At least 50,000 U.S. troops are expected to be committed to Desert Shield within weeks , including Marines , Army air assault forces , paratroopers and infantry . Iraq has 17 million residents , and Kuwait about 1.9 million . 	answer: positive
event: U.S. allies and other U.N. members objected that the Security Council embargo resolution did not specifically authorize such a naval operation starts after Bush told a news conference on Tuesday that the naval barricade now in force might be extended to Jordan 's Aqaba ` ` if it is a hole through which commerce flows ' ' in and out of Iraq story: Soviet officials also said Soviet women , children and invalids would be allowed to leave Iraq . The U.S. military buildup in Saudi Arabia continued at fever pace , with Syrian troops now part of a multinational force camped out in the desert to guard the Saudi kingdom from any new thrust by Iraq . The move seemed aimed at heading off more trouble with Iran , which had condemned Iraq 's invasion of Kuwait on Aug. 2 but also criticized the multinational force dispatched to Saudi Arabia . Soviet Foreign Ministry spokesman Yuri Gremitskikh said special ambassador Mikhail Sytenko left Tuesday for consultations with the governments of Syria , Jordan , Egypt and other Arab countries . There have been reports of wholesale looting but food and gasoline were still available , said a spokesman , who by custom was not identified . The U.N. Security Council on Aug. 6 ordered a global embargo on trade with Iraq as punishment for seizing Kuwait . Turkey and Saudi Arabia in effect shut down Iraq 's major oil outlets through those countries , but according to Jordanian officials , a smaller line into Jordan remained operating . In exchange , the buildup of U.S. forces in the region would halt . _ at least until economic sanctions force Saddam to withdraw his army . U.S. allies and other U.N. members have  objected that the Security Council embargo resolution did not specifically authorize such a naval operation . At least 50,000 U.S. troops are expected to be committed to Desert Shield within weeks , including Marines , Army air assault forces , paratroopers and infantry . Iraq has 17 million residents , and Kuwait about 1.9 million . 	answer: negative
event: the judge 's ruling which expected early next week starts after In Cuba meanwhile tens of thousands of people rallied in a seaside plaza Friday night to demand his return story: MIAMI ( AP ) -- Rep. Dan Burton , R - Ind . , said he subpoenaed 6-year - old Elian to testify before the Committee on Government Reform on Feb. 10 , so he remains in the country while the courts consider his case . About 100 supporters cheered wildly as Elian -- holding the subpoena in front of his face while being held aloft by a relative -- appeared outside the house where he has been staying with relatives . Juan Miguel Gonzalez said during a news conference in his hometown of Cardenas . I am the father . ' The decision touched off protests in the Cuban - American community . ' ' Earlier Friday , lawyers filed a petition on behalf of Elian 's great - uncle , Lazaro Gonzalez . Neither the lawyers nor Elian 's relatives would comment before the judge 's ruling , which is  expected early next week . Gov. Jeb Bush also asked President Clinton to reverse the INS order . Reno said she is considering the issues raised in the meeting and the state court action . ` ` I plan to respond as quickly as possible , ' ' she said in a statement . Clinton said Friday the INS did the right thing . ` ` I believe they followed the law , ' ' ` ` This is a volatile and difficult case . ` ` If the child is sent back to Cuba without his day in court , all hell is going to break loose , ' ' said Jose Basulto , founder of Brothers to the Rescue , an anti - Castro group . 	answer: positive
event: the judge 's ruling which expected early next week starts before In Cuba meanwhile tens of thousands of people rallied in a seaside plaza Friday night to demand his return story: MIAMI ( AP ) -- Rep. Dan Burton , R - Ind . , said he subpoenaed 6-year - old Elian to testify before the Committee on Government Reform on Feb. 10 , so he remains in the country while the courts consider his case . About 100 supporters cheered wildly as Elian -- holding the subpoena in front of his face while being held aloft by a relative -- appeared outside the house where he has been staying with relatives . Juan Miguel Gonzalez said during a news conference in his hometown of Cardenas . I am the father . ' The decision touched off protests in the Cuban - American community . ' ' Earlier Friday , lawyers filed a petition on behalf of Elian 's great - uncle , Lazaro Gonzalez . Neither the lawyers nor Elian 's relatives would comment before the judge 's ruling , which is  expected early next week . Gov. Jeb Bush also asked President Clinton to reverse the INS order . Reno said she is considering the issues raised in the meeting and the state court action . ` ` I plan to respond as quickly as possible , ' ' she said in a statement . Clinton said Friday the INS did the right thing . ` ` I believe they followed the law , ' ' ` ` This is a volatile and difficult case . ` ` If the child is sent back to Cuba without his day in court , all hell is going to break loose , ' ' said Jose Basulto , founder of Brothers to the Rescue , an anti - Castro group . 	answer: negative
event: used starts before We 've approached this not as a response to a temporary condition in the industry but as a fundamental change the industry is going through Mr. Unruh said story: Unisys Corp. 's announcement Friday of a $ 648.2 million loss for the third quarter showed that the company is moving even faster than expected to take write - offs on its various problems and prepare for a turnaround next year . " The tax payments will leave Unisys with $ 225 million in loss carry - forwards that will cut tax payments in future quarters . In addition , Unisys said it reduced computer inventories a further $ 100 million during the quarter , leaving it within $ 100 million of its goal of a reduction of $ 500 million by the end of the year . The company also reported slower growth in another important business : systems that use the Unix operating system . In addition , Unisys must deal with its increasingly oppressive debt load . Debt has risen to around $ 4 billion , or about 50 % of total capitalization . Jim Unruh , Unisys 's president , said he is approaching next year with caution . He said the strength of the world - wide economy is suspect , and does n't see much revenue growth in the cards . But the company said Friday that it had losses of $ 673.3 million through the first nine months , compared with earnings a year earlier of $ 382.2 million , or $ 2.22 a share fully diluted , as revenue inched up 1.4 % to $ 7.13 billion from $ 7.03 billion . So Steve Milunovich at First Boston said he is cutting his earnings estimate for next year to $ 2 a share from $ 3 . Mr. Weil of Weil 	answer: positive
event: used starts after We 've approached this not as a response to a temporary condition in the industry but as a fundamental change the industry is going through Mr. Unruh said story: Unisys Corp. 's announcement Friday of a $ 648.2 million loss for the third quarter showed that the company is moving even faster than expected to take write - offs on its various problems and prepare for a turnaround next year . " The tax payments will leave Unisys with $ 225 million in loss carry - forwards that will cut tax payments in future quarters . In addition , Unisys said it reduced computer inventories a further $ 100 million during the quarter , leaving it within $ 100 million of its goal of a reduction of $ 500 million by the end of the year . The company also reported slower growth in another important business : systems that use the Unix operating system . In addition , Unisys must deal with its increasingly oppressive debt load . Debt has risen to around $ 4 billion , or about 50 % of total capitalization . Jim Unruh , Unisys 's president , said he is approaching next year with caution . He said the strength of the world - wide economy is suspect , and does n't see much revenue growth in the cards . But the company said Friday that it had losses of $ 673.3 million through the first nine months , compared with earnings a year earlier of $ 382.2 million , or $ 2.22 a share fully diluted , as revenue inched up 1.4 % to $ 7.13 billion from $ 7.03 billion . So Steve Milunovich at First Boston said he is cutting his earnings estimate for next year to $ 2 a share from $ 3 . Mr. Weil of Weil 	answer: negative
event: First Security Corp. said it tentatively agreed to acquire Deseret Bancorp starts after it tentatively agreed to acquire Deseret Bancorp story: First Security Corp.  said it tentatively  agreed to acquire Deseret Bancorp . for stock valued at about $ 18 million . Terms call for First Security to issue about 0.55 share of its stock for each Deseret share held , or a total of about 550,000 First Security shares . It has about 12.3 million shares outstanding . Deseret , with about $ 100 million in assets , is the parent of the Deseret Bank , which has six offices and headquarters at Pleasant Grove , Utah . The purchase price is equal to about 1.65 times Deseret 's roughly $ 10.7 million book value , or assets less liabilities . Salt Lake City - based First Security , with $ 5.4 billion in assets , said the agreement is subject to shareholder and regulatory approval , and that it hopes to complete the transaction early next year . 	answer: positive
event: First Security Corp. said it tentatively agreed to acquire Deseret Bancorp starts before it tentatively agreed to acquire Deseret Bancorp story: First Security Corp.  said it tentatively  agreed to acquire Deseret Bancorp . for stock valued at about $ 18 million . Terms call for First Security to issue about 0.55 share of its stock for each Deseret share held , or a total of about 550,000 First Security shares . It has about 12.3 million shares outstanding . Deseret , with about $ 100 million in assets , is the parent of the Deseret Bank , which has six offices and headquarters at Pleasant Grove , Utah . The purchase price is equal to about 1.65 times Deseret 's roughly $ 10.7 million book value , or assets less liabilities . Salt Lake City - based First Security , with $ 5.4 billion in assets , said the agreement is subject to shareholder and regulatory approval , and that it hopes to complete the transaction early next year . 	answer: negative
event: profits squeezed in 1989 mainly as a result of higher raw - material costs starts before In national over - the - counter trading yesterday Cambrex shares rose 50 cents to close at $ 13 a share story: CAMBREX Corp. , Bayonne , N.J. , declared its initial quarterly of five cents a share , payable Dec. 1 to stock of record Nov. 10 . The maker of specialty chemicals has about 5.9 million shares outstanding . The company said the move recognizes its strong financial position . Although profits were "  squeezed " in 1989 , mainly as a result of higher raw - material costs , the company said it is confident about future earnings and cash flow for 1990 and beyond . In national over - the - counter trading yesterday , Cambrex shares  rose 50 cents to close at $ 13 a share . 	answer: positive
event: profits squeezed in 1989 mainly as a result of higher raw - material costs starts after In national over - the - counter trading yesterday Cambrex shares rose 50 cents to close at $ 13 a share story: CAMBREX Corp. , Bayonne , N.J. , declared its initial quarterly of five cents a share , payable Dec. 1 to stock of record Nov. 10 . The maker of specialty chemicals has about 5.9 million shares outstanding . The company said the move recognizes its strong financial position . Although profits were "  squeezed " in 1989 , mainly as a result of higher raw - material costs , the company said it is confident about future earnings and cash flow for 1990 and beyond . In national over - the - counter trading yesterday , Cambrex shares  rose 50 cents to close at $ 13 a share . 	answer: negative
event: included the lighting of candles for the seven people killed and 12 people injured in abortion - related violence since 1993 starts before A tearful audience also listened to registered nurse Emily Lyons , who has undergone a number of operations since the Alabama clinic bombing and has permanently damaged eyesight story: BUFFALO , N.Y. ( AP ) -- A nurse who was critically injured in the 1998 abortion clinic bombing in Birmingham , Ala. , was among those who attended the interfaith ceremony at a Presbyterian church for Dr. Barnett Slepian . Police kept watch outside and about 25 undercover police were scattered throughout the crowd . ` ` But it 's not tonight we 're worried about . It 's all of the other dark nights . ' ' A memorial service planned at the University of Rochester for Saturday was canceled after security plans were leaked . Slepian was killed on Oct. 23 , 1999 by a sniper hiding in his backyard . On May 6 , James Kopp , 44 , was charged with the slaying . Kopp remains at - large and police admit that despite a worldwide search and a $ 1 million reward , they do n't know where he is . ` ` It 's very frustrating knowing that he 's out there , ' ' said Ms. Buckham .  included the lighting of candles for the seven people killed and 12 people injured in abortion - related violence since 1993 . A tearful audience also  listened to registered nurse Emily Lyons , who has undergone a number of operations since the Alabama clinic bombing and has permanently damaged eyesight . She spoke of Slepian and other abortion providers who have been killed . ` ` They paid an awful price for reproductive freedom and the women they served , ' ' she said . ` ` They risked their lives for that freedom . ' ' 	answer: positive
event: included the lighting of candles for the seven people killed and 12 people injured in abortion - related violence since 1993 starts after A tearful audience also listened to registered nurse Emily Lyons , who has undergone a number of operations since the Alabama clinic bombing and has permanently damaged eyesight story: BUFFALO , N.Y. ( AP ) -- A nurse who was critically injured in the 1998 abortion clinic bombing in Birmingham , Ala. , was among those who attended the interfaith ceremony at a Presbyterian church for Dr. Barnett Slepian . Police kept watch outside and about 25 undercover police were scattered throughout the crowd . ` ` But it 's not tonight we 're worried about . It 's all of the other dark nights . ' ' A memorial service planned at the University of Rochester for Saturday was canceled after security plans were leaked . Slepian was killed on Oct. 23 , 1999 by a sniper hiding in his backyard . On May 6 , James Kopp , 44 , was charged with the slaying . Kopp remains at - large and police admit that despite a worldwide search and a $ 1 million reward , they do n't know where he is . ` ` It 's very frustrating knowing that he 's out there , ' ' said Ms. Buckham .  included the lighting of candles for the seven people killed and 12 people injured in abortion - related violence since 1993 . A tearful audience also  listened to registered nurse Emily Lyons , who has undergone a number of operations since the Alabama clinic bombing and has permanently damaged eyesight . She spoke of Slepian and other abortion providers who have been killed . ` ` They paid an awful price for reproductive freedom and the women they served , ' ' she said . ` ` They risked their lives for that freedom . ' ' 	answer: negative
event: ` Very few ' ' of the 2,500 Americans in occupied Kuwait complied with the order a senior U.S. official told The Associated Press starts after Iraq said the roundup was to protect them from unspecified threats story: ` ` Very few ' ' of the 2,500 Americans in occupied Kuwait complied with the order , a senior U.S. official  told The Associated Press . A total of about 3,000 Americans , 3,000 Britons and more than 450 Japanese are in Iraq and Kuwait . In addition to the estimated 45,000 Marines to ultimately be part of Operation Desert Shield , Stealth fighter planes and the aircraft carrier John F. Kennedy are also headed to Saudi Arabia to protect it from Iraqi expansionism . The U.S. Navy has 27 ships in the maritime barricade of Iraq . Bush was expected to authorize naval commanders to use ` ` the minimum force necessary ' ' to interdict shipments to and from Iraq , a U.S. official said . That could include firing across the bow to halt a ship . The president also has offered to help offset Jordan 's costs because 40 percent of its exports go to Iraq and 90 percent of its oil comes from there . He also said of trade with Iraq : ` ` There are no shipments at the moment . ' ' A day earlier , scores of trucks , many with Iraqi license plates , streamed north out of Aqaba to Amman and onto the desert highway bound for Iraq . The Jordanian monarch met this week with Saddam , but he told reporters he had no message from Baghdad . There was no decision on a meeting . Thirty - two of the 159 U.N. members had filed compliance reports by Wednesday , and all were honoring the sanctions Iraq . Also Thursday , Saudi Arabia called for an emergency conference of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries to discuss how much oil to pump . 	answer: positive
event: ` Very few ' ' of the 2,500 Americans in occupied Kuwait complied with the order a senior U.S. official told The Associated Press starts before Iraq said the roundup was to protect them from unspecified threats story: ` ` Very few ' ' of the 2,500 Americans in occupied Kuwait complied with the order , a senior U.S. official  told The Associated Press . A total of about 3,000 Americans , 3,000 Britons and more than 450 Japanese are in Iraq and Kuwait . In addition to the estimated 45,000 Marines to ultimately be part of Operation Desert Shield , Stealth fighter planes and the aircraft carrier John F. Kennedy are also headed to Saudi Arabia to protect it from Iraqi expansionism . The U.S. Navy has 27 ships in the maritime barricade of Iraq . Bush was expected to authorize naval commanders to use ` ` the minimum force necessary ' ' to interdict shipments to and from Iraq , a U.S. official said . That could include firing across the bow to halt a ship . The president also has offered to help offset Jordan 's costs because 40 percent of its exports go to Iraq and 90 percent of its oil comes from there . He also said of trade with Iraq : ` ` There are no shipments at the moment . ' ' A day earlier , scores of trucks , many with Iraqi license plates , streamed north out of Aqaba to Amman and onto the desert highway bound for Iraq . The Jordanian monarch met this week with Saddam , but he told reporters he had no message from Baghdad . There was no decision on a meeting . Thirty - two of the 159 U.N. members had filed compliance reports by Wednesday , and all were honoring the sanctions Iraq . Also Thursday , Saudi Arabia called for an emergency conference of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries to discuss how much oil to pump . 	answer: negative
event: The quarantine hopes to staunch the flow of Iraqi oil , which is Iraq 's economic lifeblood , and clamp down on food and supplies going in starts after Iraq now controls 20 percent of the world 's oil reserves with its conquest of Kuwait story: Worries however grew about the safety of Americans and other Westerners trapped in Kuwait . In Washington , Pentagon spokesman Pete Williams said Iraq has continued to increase its armed forces in Kuwait and they now number about 160,000 . Saddam has been under international quarantine since his Aug. 2 power - grab , or what he calls an ` ` eternal merger ' ' with Kuwait . In a long verbal attack read on Iraqi television Thursday , Saddam repeatedly called Bush ` ` a liar ' ' and said a shooting war could produce body bags courtesy of Baghdad . Replied State Department deputy spokesman Richard Boucher , ` ` We have n't really analyzed the statement in detail A day earlier , scores of trucks , many with Iraqi license plates , streamed north out of Aqaba to Amman and onto the desert highway bound for Iraq . Thirty - two of the 159 U.N. members had filed compliance reports by Wednesday , and all were honoring the sanctions Iraq . Also Thursday , Saudi Arabia called for an emergency conference of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries to discuss how much oil to pump . Meanwhile , Egypt 's official Middle East News Agency said Thursday that Saddam was the target of an assassination attempt , which led to ` ` large - scale ' ' arrests , including some close associates of the Iraqi strongman . There was no independent confirmation of the report by the government - run news agency , which did not say when the reported attempt occurred . 	answer: positive
event: The quarantine hopes to staunch the flow of Iraqi oil , which is Iraq 's economic lifeblood , and clamp down on food and supplies going in starts before Iraq now controls 20 percent of the world 's oil reserves with its conquest of Kuwait story: Worries however grew about the safety of Americans and other Westerners trapped in Kuwait . In Washington , Pentagon spokesman Pete Williams said Iraq has continued to increase its armed forces in Kuwait and they now number about 160,000 . Saddam has been under international quarantine since his Aug. 2 power - grab , or what he calls an ` ` eternal merger ' ' with Kuwait . In a long verbal attack read on Iraqi television Thursday , Saddam repeatedly called Bush ` ` a liar ' ' and said a shooting war could produce body bags courtesy of Baghdad . Replied State Department deputy spokesman Richard Boucher , ` ` We have n't really analyzed the statement in detail A day earlier , scores of trucks , many with Iraqi license plates , streamed north out of Aqaba to Amman and onto the desert highway bound for Iraq . Thirty - two of the 159 U.N. members had filed compliance reports by Wednesday , and all were honoring the sanctions Iraq . Also Thursday , Saudi Arabia called for an emergency conference of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries to discuss how much oil to pump . Meanwhile , Egypt 's official Middle East News Agency said Thursday that Saddam was the target of an assassination attempt , which led to ` ` large - scale ' ' arrests , including some close associates of the Iraqi strongman . There was no independent confirmation of the report by the government - run news agency , which did not say when the reported attempt occurred . 	answer: negative
event: a packet that found buried in the ground more than 50 feet from a tree where police believe the sniper stood and fired starts before police believe the sniper stood and fired story: WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- The first round of DNA tests on the hair at the FBI Laboratory here established a high probability it came from the same person as a hair found in a New Jersey home where James C. Kopp , a 44-year - old anti - abortion protester , lived last year , the official said . The first DNA tests did not exclude a match between the two strands . This more extensive set of tests could enable officials to declare an absolute match between the two hair strands , the first law enforcement official said . ` ` Ultimately , we would need to have a hair taken directly from Kopp himself to establish conclusively the hair from scene is his , ' ' the official added . The official said the hair was in a cap that authorities found very near the location from which the sniper is thought to have fired the rifle bullet that killed Slepian as he stood in the kitchen of his home in the Buffalo suburb of Amherst , Last week , FBI Director Louis Freeh , on an official visit to Mexico , asked Mexican authorities to join the hunt for Kopp , federal officials have said . In addition , a Customs Service videotape from a border crossing point shows the woman 's car returning from Mexico , these officials said . Authorities obtained a material - witness arrest warrant for Kopp after they said Kopp 's car was spotted in Amherst in the weeks before Slepian was killed . The car had been in the long - term lot for about two weeks , said Greg Trevor , a spokesman for the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey . 	answer: positive
event: a packet that found buried in the ground more than 50 feet from a tree where police believe the sniper stood and fired starts after police believe the sniper stood and fired story: WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- The first round of DNA tests on the hair at the FBI Laboratory here established a high probability it came from the same person as a hair found in a New Jersey home where James C. Kopp , a 44-year - old anti - abortion protester , lived last year , the official said . The first DNA tests did not exclude a match between the two strands . This more extensive set of tests could enable officials to declare an absolute match between the two hair strands , the first law enforcement official said . ` ` Ultimately , we would need to have a hair taken directly from Kopp himself to establish conclusively the hair from scene is his , ' ' the official added . The official said the hair was in a cap that authorities found very near the location from which the sniper is thought to have fired the rifle bullet that killed Slepian as he stood in the kitchen of his home in the Buffalo suburb of Amherst , Last week , FBI Director Louis Freeh , on an official visit to Mexico , asked Mexican authorities to join the hunt for Kopp , federal officials have said . In addition , a Customs Service videotape from a border crossing point shows the woman 's car returning from Mexico , these officials said . Authorities obtained a material - witness arrest warrant for Kopp after they said Kopp 's car was spotted in Amherst in the weeks before Slepian was killed . The car had been in the long - term lot for about two weeks , said Greg Trevor , a spokesman for the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey . 	answer: negative
event: Most of Compaq 's decline attributed to a third - quarter earnings report that came in at the low end of analysts ' expectations starts before it corrected the problems story: Likewise , AST Research Inc. and Sun Microsystems Inc. said the bugs wo n't delay their development of 486-based machines . These errata do not affect business programs , " he said . The bugs will cause problems in " specific and rare circumstances that will not occur in typical applications " such as word - processing and spreadsheets , said Michael Slater , editor of the Microprocessor Report , an industry newsletter . The real culprits , they said , are computer makers such as IBM that have jumped the gun to unveil 486-based products . " " Those companies are paying the price for taking the risk . " In late September , IBM began shipping a plug - in card that converts its PS/2 model 70-A21 from a 80386 machine to an 80486 machine . IBM has no plans to recall its add - on cards , the spokeswoman said , and could probably circumvent the bugs without long product delays . " " Intel clocks the chip 's speed at 15 million instructions per second , or MIPs . Machines using the 486 are expected to challenge higher - priced work stations and minicomputers in applications such as so - called servers , which connect groups of computers together , and in computer - aided design . But while the chip 's speed in processing power is dazzling , it 's real strength lies in its software inheritance . The 486 is the descendant of a long series of Intel chips that began dominating the market ever since IBM picked the 16-bit 8088 chip for its first personal computer . The 486 is going to have a big impact on the industry , " said Hewlett - Packard 's Mr. Archuleta . " 	answer: positive
event: Most of Compaq 's decline attributed to a third - quarter earnings report that came in at the low end of analysts ' expectations starts after it corrected the problems story: Likewise , AST Research Inc. and Sun Microsystems Inc. said the bugs wo n't delay their development of 486-based machines . These errata do not affect business programs , " he said . The bugs will cause problems in " specific and rare circumstances that will not occur in typical applications " such as word - processing and spreadsheets , said Michael Slater , editor of the Microprocessor Report , an industry newsletter . The real culprits , they said , are computer makers such as IBM that have jumped the gun to unveil 486-based products . " " Those companies are paying the price for taking the risk . " In late September , IBM began shipping a plug - in card that converts its PS/2 model 70-A21 from a 80386 machine to an 80486 machine . IBM has no plans to recall its add - on cards , the spokeswoman said , and could probably circumvent the bugs without long product delays . " " Intel clocks the chip 's speed at 15 million instructions per second , or MIPs . Machines using the 486 are expected to challenge higher - priced work stations and minicomputers in applications such as so - called servers , which connect groups of computers together , and in computer - aided design . But while the chip 's speed in processing power is dazzling , it 's real strength lies in its software inheritance . The 486 is the descendant of a long series of Intel chips that began dominating the market ever since IBM picked the 16-bit 8088 chip for its first personal computer . The 486 is going to have a big impact on the industry , " said Hewlett - Packard 's Mr. Archuleta . " 	answer: negative
event: he seeking the boy 's return starts after Elian developed great affection for the Miami relatives story: Elian is finally getting time to reconnect with his father in a quiet , neutral setting where he is no longer a metaphor for the war between the Cubans . A few miles from his temporary home at Andrews Air Force Base , Senator Bob Smith of New Hampshire , Representative Tom DeLay of Texas , both Republicans , and the relatives were treating the raid to return Elian as though it were a Nazi SS operation . It was a model of efficient law enforcement , guided by due process . Elian printed his name on an application for asylum and was put in front of a video camera to say that he did not want to go back to Cuba . As did Castro , a master manipulator of public opinion in Cuba . Had the relatives allowed Elian to return to Cuba , they would have denied the dictator an opportunity to reenergize support for his regime . Juan Miguel Gonzalez apparently is a Castro supporter , but that should not disqualify him from being reunited with his child . Negotiations failed , however , because they insisted on taking the place of the father , rather than being treated as concerned , yet distant , relatives . Juan and Elian Gonzalez will remain in the United States pending the appeal . The father can remain here , but he can also return to Cuba if he wishes . Like any other 6-year - old in the care of a loving parent , Elian should go wherever that parent wants . 	answer: positive
event: he seeking the boy 's return starts before Elian developed great affection for the Miami relatives story: Elian is finally getting time to reconnect with his father in a quiet , neutral setting where he is no longer a metaphor for the war between the Cubans . A few miles from his temporary home at Andrews Air Force Base , Senator Bob Smith of New Hampshire , Representative Tom DeLay of Texas , both Republicans , and the relatives were treating the raid to return Elian as though it were a Nazi SS operation . It was a model of efficient law enforcement , guided by due process . Elian printed his name on an application for asylum and was put in front of a video camera to say that he did not want to go back to Cuba . As did Castro , a master manipulator of public opinion in Cuba . Had the relatives allowed Elian to return to Cuba , they would have denied the dictator an opportunity to reenergize support for his regime . Juan Miguel Gonzalez apparently is a Castro supporter , but that should not disqualify him from being reunited with his child . Negotiations failed , however , because they insisted on taking the place of the father , rather than being treated as concerned , yet distant , relatives . Juan and Elian Gonzalez will remain in the United States pending the appeal . The father can remain here , but he can also return to Cuba if he wishes . Like any other 6-year - old in the care of a loving parent , Elian should go wherever that parent wants . 	answer: negative
event: They were being sought for interviews just because they were literally in the area after the homicide he said starts before FBI officials said they were not certain whether Stauber or Gingrich had been involved in antiabortion activities story: The FBI has interviewed and released one of two men who were sought last week for questioning in connection with the sniper slaying of a doctor in the Buffalo , N.Y. , area who performed abortions . The men were not termed suspects , and FBI officials on Saturday played down the likelihood that either was involved in the Oct. 23 killing of the doctor , Barnett Slepian . ` ` We are doing dozens if not hundreds of interviews a day , ' ' said Paul Moskal , a spokesman for the FBI office in Buffalo . In its Friday issue , The Hamilton ( Ontario ) Spectator quoted an officer in the Amherst , N.Y. , Police Department as saying that the FBI . Amherst police officials declined to comment Saturday . He was one of three doctors who performed abortions in the Buffalo area . Moskal said the two men apparently showed up at Slepian 's house the day after his death . They were trying to attend a prayer vigil for Slepian but had been sent to his house by mistake , and a police officer on duty took their names , Moskal said . ` ` They were being sought for interviews just because they were literally in the area after the homicide , ' ' he  said . FBI officials  said they were not certain whether Stauber or Gingrich had been involved in antiabortion activities . Inspector Keith MacCaskill of the Winnipeg Police Service , a Canadian member of a law - enforcement task force investigating all five of the shootings , said he had never heard of the men . 	answer: positive
event: They were being sought for interviews just because they were literally in the area after the homicide he said starts after FBI officials said they were not certain whether Stauber or Gingrich had been involved in antiabortion activities story: The FBI has interviewed and released one of two men who were sought last week for questioning in connection with the sniper slaying of a doctor in the Buffalo , N.Y. , area who performed abortions . The men were not termed suspects , and FBI officials on Saturday played down the likelihood that either was involved in the Oct. 23 killing of the doctor , Barnett Slepian . ` ` We are doing dozens if not hundreds of interviews a day , ' ' said Paul Moskal , a spokesman for the FBI office in Buffalo . In its Friday issue , The Hamilton ( Ontario ) Spectator quoted an officer in the Amherst , N.Y. , Police Department as saying that the FBI . Amherst police officials declined to comment Saturday . He was one of three doctors who performed abortions in the Buffalo area . Moskal said the two men apparently showed up at Slepian 's house the day after his death . They were trying to attend a prayer vigil for Slepian but had been sent to his house by mistake , and a police officer on duty took their names , Moskal said . ` ` They were being sought for interviews just because they were literally in the area after the homicide , ' ' he  said . FBI officials  said they were not certain whether Stauber or Gingrich had been involved in antiabortion activities . Inspector Keith MacCaskill of the Winnipeg Police Service , a Canadian member of a law - enforcement task force investigating all five of the shootings , said he had never heard of the men . 	answer: negative
event: extending NATO membership into Eastern Europe starts before All European states must cooperate in creating a joint security system he saying story: Albright exclaimed . ` ` Hungary has come home . We are back in the family , ' ' said Hungarian Foreign Minister Janos Martonyi . In a touch of symbolism , the ceremony took place at the Harry S. Truman Library . Czech Foreign Minister Jan Kavan said he was in nearby Kansas City working with the anti - Soviet undergound in 1968 when Russian troops swept through Praque in the occupation of Czechoslovakia . ` ` It is for me very symbolic that it is precisely here that we today accept the guarantee that my country never again will become the powerless victim of foreign invasion , ' ' Kavan said . In looking ahead to even greater expansion of NATO , Polish Foreign Minister Bronislaw Geremek said , ` ` We should keep the door of the alliance open for those who have fought for freedom ... Just what NATO will do with these eager applicants is not clear . The issue is expected to dominate a NATO summit set for Washington in April . NATO warplanes helped end the war in Bosnia almost four years ago and now are poised to intervene in Yugoslavia should peace efforts in the province of Kosovo fail . Russian Foreign Minister Igor Ivanov calls  extending NATO membership into Eastern Europe ` ` a movement in the wrong direction . ' ' ` ` All European states must cooperate in creating a joint security system , ' ' he was quoted as  saying . ` ` All European states must work together in the interests of all countries rather than of separate groups . ' ' 	answer: positive
event: extending NATO membership into Eastern Europe starts after All European states must cooperate in creating a joint security system he saying story: Albright exclaimed . ` ` Hungary has come home . We are back in the family , ' ' said Hungarian Foreign Minister Janos Martonyi . In a touch of symbolism , the ceremony took place at the Harry S. Truman Library . Czech Foreign Minister Jan Kavan said he was in nearby Kansas City working with the anti - Soviet undergound in 1968 when Russian troops swept through Praque in the occupation of Czechoslovakia . ` ` It is for me very symbolic that it is precisely here that we today accept the guarantee that my country never again will become the powerless victim of foreign invasion , ' ' Kavan said . In looking ahead to even greater expansion of NATO , Polish Foreign Minister Bronislaw Geremek said , ` ` We should keep the door of the alliance open for those who have fought for freedom ... Just what NATO will do with these eager applicants is not clear . The issue is expected to dominate a NATO summit set for Washington in April . NATO warplanes helped end the war in Bosnia almost four years ago and now are poised to intervene in Yugoslavia should peace efforts in the province of Kosovo fail . Russian Foreign Minister Igor Ivanov calls  extending NATO membership into Eastern Europe ` ` a movement in the wrong direction . ' ' ` ` All European states must cooperate in creating a joint security system , ' ' he was quoted as  saying . ` ` All European states must work together in the interests of all countries rather than of separate groups . ' ' 	answer: negative
event: A spokesman for Seagram , the Montreal wine and spirits concern controlled by the Bronfman family , said the company will post additional pretax profit of about $ 33 million a year because of the additional Du Pont dividends starts before the initial higher dividend will paid on pre - split shares story: Du Pont Co. reported that third - quarter profit grew a robust 19 % from a year ago on the strength of the company 's operations in various chemicals and fibers , and in petroleum . Du Pont , unlike companies hurt badly by sharp price declines for basic chemicals and plastics , is benefiting from its broad range of businesses . The profit gain was made despite a weakening in the housing market , for which the company is a supplier , and a strengthening in the dollar , which lowers the value of overseas earnings when they are translated into dollars . The Wilmington , Del. , company reported net of $ 547 million , or $ 2.36 a share , which was in line with Wall Street estimates . In the year - earlier period , the company earned $ 461 million , or $ 1.91 a share . Sales in the latest quarter were $ 8.59 billion , up 9.4 % from $ 7.85 billion . The dividend increase was Du Pont 's second this year , an affirmation of statements by top executives that they intend to increase rewards to shareholders . Du Pont 's stock rose $ 2.50 a share to close at $ 117.375 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday . In the diversifed businesses segment , which includes herbicides , profit grew to $ 64 million from $ 27 million . For the nine months , Du Pont earned $ 2 billion , or $ 8.46 a share , up 18 % from $ 1.69 billion , or $ 7.03 a share , a year earlier . 	answer: positive
event: A spokesman for Seagram , the Montreal wine and spirits concern controlled by the Bronfman family , said the company will post additional pretax profit of about $ 33 million a year because of the additional Du Pont dividends starts after the initial higher dividend will paid on pre - split shares story: Du Pont Co. reported that third - quarter profit grew a robust 19 % from a year ago on the strength of the company 's operations in various chemicals and fibers , and in petroleum . Du Pont , unlike companies hurt badly by sharp price declines for basic chemicals and plastics , is benefiting from its broad range of businesses . The profit gain was made despite a weakening in the housing market , for which the company is a supplier , and a strengthening in the dollar , which lowers the value of overseas earnings when they are translated into dollars . The Wilmington , Del. , company reported net of $ 547 million , or $ 2.36 a share , which was in line with Wall Street estimates . In the year - earlier period , the company earned $ 461 million , or $ 1.91 a share . Sales in the latest quarter were $ 8.59 billion , up 9.4 % from $ 7.85 billion . The dividend increase was Du Pont 's second this year , an affirmation of statements by top executives that they intend to increase rewards to shareholders . Du Pont 's stock rose $ 2.50 a share to close at $ 117.375 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday . In the diversifed businesses segment , which includes herbicides , profit grew to $ 64 million from $ 27 million . For the nine months , Du Pont earned $ 2 billion , or $ 8.46 a share , up 18 % from $ 1.69 billion , or $ 7.03 a share , a year earlier . 	answer: negative
event: Institut Merieux S.A. which offered 942 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 801.2 million ) , or C$ 37 a share for Connaught starts before A C$ 30-a - share bid by Ciba - Geigy Ltd. , a pharmaceutical company based in Basel , Switzerland , and California - based Chiron Corp. , a bioresearch concern , extended to Nov. 16 story: Two rival bidders for Connaught BioSciences extended their offers to acquire the Toronto - based vaccine manufacturer Friday . It had been due to expire Friday evening . Merieux previously said it would ensure its bid remained open pending a final decision by Canadian regulators on whether to approve the takeover . Merieux , a vaccine and bioresearch firm based in Lyon , France , is controlled 50.1 % by state - owned Rhone Poulenc S.A. The Canadian government previously said Merieux 's bid did n't offer enough " net benefit " to Canada to be approved , and gave Merieux an until mid - November to submit additional information . Merieux officials said last week that they are " highly confident " the offer will be approved once it submits details of its proposed investments to federal regulators . Both offers are conditional on regulatory approvals and enough shares being tendered to give the bidders a majority of Connaught 's shares outstanding . Institut Merieux , which already holds a 12.5 % stake in Connaught , said that at the close of business Thursday , 5,745,188 shares of Connaught and C$ 44.3 million face amount of debentures , convertible into 1,826,596 common shares , had been tendered to its offer . At the close of business Thursday , Ciba - Geigy and Chiron said 11,580 common shares had been tendered to their offer . Separately , the Ontario Supreme Court said it will postpone indefinitely a ruling on the lawsuit launched by the University of Toronto against Connaught in connection with the Merieux bid . " Lawyers for the two sides were n't immediately available for comment . 	answer: positive
event: Institut Merieux S.A. which offered 942 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 801.2 million ) , or C$ 37 a share for Connaught starts after A C$ 30-a - share bid by Ciba - Geigy Ltd. , a pharmaceutical company based in Basel , Switzerland , and California - based Chiron Corp. , a bioresearch concern , extended to Nov. 16 story: Two rival bidders for Connaught BioSciences extended their offers to acquire the Toronto - based vaccine manufacturer Friday . It had been due to expire Friday evening . Merieux previously said it would ensure its bid remained open pending a final decision by Canadian regulators on whether to approve the takeover . Merieux , a vaccine and bioresearch firm based in Lyon , France , is controlled 50.1 % by state - owned Rhone Poulenc S.A. The Canadian government previously said Merieux 's bid did n't offer enough " net benefit " to Canada to be approved , and gave Merieux an until mid - November to submit additional information . Merieux officials said last week that they are " highly confident " the offer will be approved once it submits details of its proposed investments to federal regulators . Both offers are conditional on regulatory approvals and enough shares being tendered to give the bidders a majority of Connaught 's shares outstanding . Institut Merieux , which already holds a 12.5 % stake in Connaught , said that at the close of business Thursday , 5,745,188 shares of Connaught and C$ 44.3 million face amount of debentures , convertible into 1,826,596 common shares , had been tendered to its offer . At the close of business Thursday , Ciba - Geigy and Chiron said 11,580 common shares had been tendered to their offer . Separately , the Ontario Supreme Court said it will postpone indefinitely a ruling on the lawsuit launched by the University of Toronto against Connaught in connection with the Merieux bid . " Lawyers for the two sides were n't immediately available for comment . 	answer: negative
event: Whoever shot the shot starts before Most other opponents of abortion however condemned the shooting and abortion story: Additional details of the slaying emerged on Sunday . Slepian 's lawyer , Glenn Edward Murray , said the sniper 's bullet entered through a partially draped kitchen window , hit Slepian in the back and exited through his chest . The bullet bounced off a cabinet and ricocheted into the living room , where the doctor 's three other children were watching television , Murray said . For the most part , people on both sides of the abortion issue expressed outrage at the shooting . Spitz said in a statement released to The Associated Press , ` ` the same way we would want someone to protect us . ' Most other opponents of abortion , however ,  condemned the shooting and abortion . ` ` He called on many of the same people to express outrage at partial birth abortion , which he called the equivalent of infanticide , ' ' Bishop Henry Mansell of the Archdiocese of Buffalo said it was ` ` an act of madness , ' ' She said the rhetoric of the anti - abortion movement has helped lead to violent attacks against abortion providers . ` ` They are the ones who call these doctors murderers . ' ' In Amherst , residents who said they opposed abortion decried the attack and said they hoped the perpetrator was caught . ` ` The only people that are left are the hard - core , fanatical people , ' ' said Larry Finkelstien , a high school teacher who works as an escort at abortion clinics . ` ` Everyone else has gone away . ' ' 	answer: positive
event: Whoever shot the shot starts after Most other opponents of abortion however condemned the shooting and abortion story: Additional details of the slaying emerged on Sunday . Slepian 's lawyer , Glenn Edward Murray , said the sniper 's bullet entered through a partially draped kitchen window , hit Slepian in the back and exited through his chest . The bullet bounced off a cabinet and ricocheted into the living room , where the doctor 's three other children were watching television , Murray said . For the most part , people on both sides of the abortion issue expressed outrage at the shooting . Spitz said in a statement released to The Associated Press , ` ` the same way we would want someone to protect us . ' Most other opponents of abortion , however ,  condemned the shooting and abortion . ` ` He called on many of the same people to express outrage at partial birth abortion , which he called the equivalent of infanticide , ' ' Bishop Henry Mansell of the Archdiocese of Buffalo said it was ` ` an act of madness , ' ' She said the rhetoric of the anti - abortion movement has helped lead to violent attacks against abortion providers . ` ` They are the ones who call these doctors murderers . ' ' In Amherst , residents who said they opposed abortion decried the attack and said they hoped the perpetrator was caught . ` ` The only people that are left are the hard - core , fanatical people , ' ' said Larry Finkelstien , a high school teacher who works as an escort at abortion clinics . ` ` Everyone else has gone away . ' ' 	answer: negative
event: Not even the Pentagon can handle these kids starts before We hoping that they get their visas story: In an apparent bid to show flexibility in the campaign to return Elian Gonzalez to Cuba , President Fidel Castro said the boy 's father has offered to travel alone today to the United States to pick up his 6-year - old son . Gonzalez , the boy 's stepmother , his baby half - brother , a dozen classmates and some adults planned to apply for American visas today at the U.S. Interests Section in Havana , the American mission here . The group would be ready to leave for the United States as soon as Tuesday , Castro said . Only the government of the United States can decide if it prefers this variant , ' ' continued the letter , which Castro read on a state television station broadcast . At the same time , the lawyers for the boy 's relatives in Miami said they might try to argue that his father is an unfit parent . Castro said that if those who oppose returning Elian to Cuba are worried about turning the child over to ' ' what is considered Cuban territory , then our Interests Section is willing to renounce diplomatic immunity of the residence of the chief of this section in Washington . ' ' His mother was among 11 people who died after they boat sank during the attempted crossing from Cuba to the United States . Gonzalez has demanded his rights as the child 's sole surviving parent and wants Elian returned to him . The Miami relatives thus far have refused to sign the document , and in recent days said they would not turn Elian over to his father if he came to the United States . ' 	answer: positive
event: Not even the Pentagon can handle these kids starts after We hoping that they get their visas story: In an apparent bid to show flexibility in the campaign to return Elian Gonzalez to Cuba , President Fidel Castro said the boy 's father has offered to travel alone today to the United States to pick up his 6-year - old son . Gonzalez , the boy 's stepmother , his baby half - brother , a dozen classmates and some adults planned to apply for American visas today at the U.S. Interests Section in Havana , the American mission here . The group would be ready to leave for the United States as soon as Tuesday , Castro said . Only the government of the United States can decide if it prefers this variant , ' ' continued the letter , which Castro read on a state television station broadcast . At the same time , the lawyers for the boy 's relatives in Miami said they might try to argue that his father is an unfit parent . Castro said that if those who oppose returning Elian to Cuba are worried about turning the child over to ' ' what is considered Cuban territory , then our Interests Section is willing to renounce diplomatic immunity of the residence of the chief of this section in Washington . ' ' His mother was among 11 people who died after they boat sank during the attempted crossing from Cuba to the United States . Gonzalez has demanded his rights as the child 's sole surviving parent and wants Elian returned to him . The Miami relatives thus far have refused to sign the document , and in recent days said they would not turn Elian over to his father if he came to the United States . ' 	answer: negative
event: higher raw material and employment costs which resulted from the company 's new labor pact effective June 1 starts before We anticipate that steel market conditions will exhibit a further moderate decline in the fourth quarter as the automotive sector remains weak and customers continue to adjust inventories story: Bethlehem Steel Corp. , hammered by higher costs and lower shipments to key automotive and service - center customers , posted a 54 % drop in third - quarter profit . " In fact , he thinks several steelmakers will report actual losses through the third quarter of 1990 . Of all the major steelmakers , Bethlehem would seem to be the most vulnerable to a slowdown . The company said its shipments declined as a result of a reduction in inventories by service centers , a lackluster automotive market and increasing competitive pressures in the construction market . We  anticipate that steel market conditions will exhibit a further moderate decline in the fourth quarter as the automotive sector remains weak and customers continue to adjust inventories , " said Bethlehem Chairman Walter F. Williams . Moreover , the company said higher sales and shipments to service centers from its Armco Steel Co. joint venture failed to offset weakness in the automotive market , higher production costs and a poorer product mix . Armco shares closed unchanged at $ 10.625 in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange . Last year 's results were hurt by $ 41.3 million in restructuring charges . The company noted that its Fox - Meyer Drug Co. , Ben Franklin Stores Inc. and Permian Corp. operations showed improvements as a result of restructuring moves . National Intergroup is negotiating for the sale of its 50 % interest in National Steel to concentrate more fully on drug distribution operations . 	answer: positive
event: higher raw material and employment costs which resulted from the company 's new labor pact effective June 1 starts after We anticipate that steel market conditions will exhibit a further moderate decline in the fourth quarter as the automotive sector remains weak and customers continue to adjust inventories story: Bethlehem Steel Corp. , hammered by higher costs and lower shipments to key automotive and service - center customers , posted a 54 % drop in third - quarter profit . " In fact , he thinks several steelmakers will report actual losses through the third quarter of 1990 . Of all the major steelmakers , Bethlehem would seem to be the most vulnerable to a slowdown . The company said its shipments declined as a result of a reduction in inventories by service centers , a lackluster automotive market and increasing competitive pressures in the construction market . We  anticipate that steel market conditions will exhibit a further moderate decline in the fourth quarter as the automotive sector remains weak and customers continue to adjust inventories , " said Bethlehem Chairman Walter F. Williams . Moreover , the company said higher sales and shipments to service centers from its Armco Steel Co. joint venture failed to offset weakness in the automotive market , higher production costs and a poorer product mix . Armco shares closed unchanged at $ 10.625 in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange . Last year 's results were hurt by $ 41.3 million in restructuring charges . The company noted that its Fox - Meyer Drug Co. , Ben Franklin Stores Inc. and Permian Corp. operations showed improvements as a result of restructuring moves . National Intergroup is negotiating for the sale of its 50 % interest in National Steel to concentrate more fully on drug distribution operations . 	answer: negative
event: Kopp purports to be a devout Roman Catholic starts before Kopp be a devout Roman Catholic story: The FBI put alleged terrorist mastermind Osama Bin Laden and anti - abortion activist and accused doctor killer James Charles Kopp on the bureau 's list of the Ten Most Wanted fugitives Monday . The Aug. 7 , 1998 , bombings killed more than 200 people , including 12 Americans . Reno said Bin Laden and Kopp have one thing in common They also have in common locations unknown to the authorities . Kopp  purports to  be a devout Roman Catholic , and the majority of jobs he has held over the past 20 years have been related to the anti - abortion movement , the Justice Department said in a news release . Carpenter said the U.S. government 's counterterrorism program has paid out over $ 6 million in some 20 cases around the world for credible information . Bin Laden and Kopp are the 455th and 456th persons to be placed on the FBI 's most wanted list , which began in 1950 . Since then , 427 fugitives have been taken into custody or located , 133 of them as a result of citizen assistance , the FBI said . Another eight suspects , including Bin Laden , have been charged but not apprehended . The FBI says Bin Laden is the leader of a terrorist organization known as Al - Aqeda , ` ` The Base . ' ' Kopp wears eyeglasses , walks with a slight limp , is 5 feet , 10 inches tall and weighs 150 to 175 pounds . He has been arrested more than a dozen times during abortion protests in seven states and Italy , but has no felony convictions . 	answer: positive
event: Kopp purports to be a devout Roman Catholic starts after Kopp be a devout Roman Catholic story: The FBI put alleged terrorist mastermind Osama Bin Laden and anti - abortion activist and accused doctor killer James Charles Kopp on the bureau 's list of the Ten Most Wanted fugitives Monday . The Aug. 7 , 1998 , bombings killed more than 200 people , including 12 Americans . Reno said Bin Laden and Kopp have one thing in common They also have in common locations unknown to the authorities . Kopp  purports to  be a devout Roman Catholic , and the majority of jobs he has held over the past 20 years have been related to the anti - abortion movement , the Justice Department said in a news release . Carpenter said the U.S. government 's counterterrorism program has paid out over $ 6 million in some 20 cases around the world for credible information . Bin Laden and Kopp are the 455th and 456th persons to be placed on the FBI 's most wanted list , which began in 1950 . Since then , 427 fugitives have been taken into custody or located , 133 of them as a result of citizen assistance , the FBI said . Another eight suspects , including Bin Laden , have been charged but not apprehended . The FBI says Bin Laden is the leader of a terrorist organization known as Al - Aqeda , ` ` The Base . ' ' Kopp wears eyeglasses , walks with a slight limp , is 5 feet , 10 inches tall and weighs 150 to 175 pounds . He has been arrested more than a dozen times during abortion protests in seven states and Italy , but has no felony convictions . 	answer: negative
event: both stressing their confidence that Juan Miguel Gonzalez is the best person to raise his child starts before Clinton said in a written statement issued from Berlin story: Attorney Kendall Coffey said his clients were giving an appeal to the Supreme Court ` ` serious consideration . ' But Thursday 's decision made it clear the family has only 14 days to decide whether to request a rehearing at that level . & amp;UR ; & amp;LR ; ` ` Expect no extensions , ' ' the court instructed . But the Immigration and Naturalization Service 's decision to deny Elian an asylum hearing was ` ` within the outside border of reasonable choices , ' ' the opinion read . ` ` The court neither approves nor disapproves the INS ' decision to reject the asylum applications filed on plaintiff 's behalf , but the INS decision did not contradict ( federal law . ) ' ' The judges denied , however , a request by Elian 's father to name him instead of great - uncle Lazaro Gonzalez as Elian 's representative in the continued court proceedings . Elian 's father asked his Miami relatives to end their court battle after Thursday 's ruling and allow him to finally return home with his son . ` ` A child should simply be with his parents , always his parents , ' ' the elder Gonzalez said through an interpreter . A district court judge upheld the federal agency . Juan Miguel Gonzalez arrived in the United States April 2 , and Reno ordered the Miami relatives to surrender the child to his father . But Reno said the request to Kennedy serves no purpose since the injunction blocking Elian 's return to Cuba still applies . 	answer: positive
event: both stressing their confidence that Juan Miguel Gonzalez is the best person to raise his child starts after Clinton said in a written statement issued from Berlin story: Attorney Kendall Coffey said his clients were giving an appeal to the Supreme Court ` ` serious consideration . ' But Thursday 's decision made it clear the family has only 14 days to decide whether to request a rehearing at that level . & amp;UR ; & amp;LR ; ` ` Expect no extensions , ' ' the court instructed . But the Immigration and Naturalization Service 's decision to deny Elian an asylum hearing was ` ` within the outside border of reasonable choices , ' ' the opinion read . ` ` The court neither approves nor disapproves the INS ' decision to reject the asylum applications filed on plaintiff 's behalf , but the INS decision did not contradict ( federal law . ) ' ' The judges denied , however , a request by Elian 's father to name him instead of great - uncle Lazaro Gonzalez as Elian 's representative in the continued court proceedings . Elian 's father asked his Miami relatives to end their court battle after Thursday 's ruling and allow him to finally return home with his son . ` ` A child should simply be with his parents , always his parents , ' ' the elder Gonzalez said through an interpreter . A district court judge upheld the federal agency . Juan Miguel Gonzalez arrived in the United States April 2 , and Reno ordered the Miami relatives to surrender the child to his father . But Reno said the request to Kennedy serves no purpose since the injunction blocking Elian 's return to Cuba still applies . 	answer: negative
event: Kopp also linked through DNA testing to a strand of hair found near where the sniper fired starts after Nicknamed the ` ` Atomic Dog ' ' in anti - abortion circles Kopp arrested in several states since 1990 for protesting abortion story: BUFFALO , N.Y. ( AP ) -- Federal and state arrest warrants were issued for James C. Kopp , 44 , of St. Albans , Vt . His whereabouts are unknown . ` ` We have probable cause to believe this man , James Kopp , is responsible for the death of Dr. Barnett Slepian , ' ' FBI agent Bernard Tolbert said . Up until Thursday , however , they had described him only as a material witness wanted for questioning -- not a suspect . In addition to a state charge of murder , Kopp faces a federal charge of violating the Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act by using deadly force against an abortion doctor . The newly filed charges will intensify the ongoing international manhunt , Tolbert said . In response to the new charges , Canadian officials confirmed that Kopp is a suspect in sniper shootings that injured abortion doctors in November in Vancouver , British Columbia ; Winnipeg , Manitoba ; and Hamilton , Ontario . Investigators would not divulge the evidence against Kopp but said last month 's discovery of a scope - equipped rifle buried near the Slepian home represented a major breakthrough . Slepian , 52 , was shot with a rifle . Authorities have said they believe the weapon may have been buried in advance of the shooting , with the killer digging it up to fire the shot , then reburying it and fleeing . ' Eric Rudolph has been on the run since the January 1998 bombing of a Birmingham , Ala. , abortion clinic that killed an off - duty police officer and maimed a nurse . 	answer: positive
event: Kopp also linked through DNA testing to a strand of hair found near where the sniper fired starts before Nicknamed the ` ` Atomic Dog ' ' in anti - abortion circles Kopp arrested in several states since 1990 for protesting abortion story: BUFFALO , N.Y. ( AP ) -- Federal and state arrest warrants were issued for James C. Kopp , 44 , of St. Albans , Vt . His whereabouts are unknown . ` ` We have probable cause to believe this man , James Kopp , is responsible for the death of Dr. Barnett Slepian , ' ' FBI agent Bernard Tolbert said . Up until Thursday , however , they had described him only as a material witness wanted for questioning -- not a suspect . In addition to a state charge of murder , Kopp faces a federal charge of violating the Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act by using deadly force against an abortion doctor . The newly filed charges will intensify the ongoing international manhunt , Tolbert said . In response to the new charges , Canadian officials confirmed that Kopp is a suspect in sniper shootings that injured abortion doctors in November in Vancouver , British Columbia ; Winnipeg , Manitoba ; and Hamilton , Ontario . Investigators would not divulge the evidence against Kopp but said last month 's discovery of a scope - equipped rifle buried near the Slepian home represented a major breakthrough . Slepian , 52 , was shot with a rifle . Authorities have said they believe the weapon may have been buried in advance of the shooting , with the killer digging it up to fire the shot , then reburying it and fleeing . ' Eric Rudolph has been on the run since the January 1998 bombing of a Birmingham , Ala. , abortion clinic that killed an off - duty police officer and maimed a nurse . 	answer: negative
event: Qantas ' India manager Khursheed Lam said the airline was working closely with the Australian Tourist Commission to develop greater awareness of Australia in the Indian market starts before Qantas will also appoint a Bombay - based public relations consultant story: CANBERRA , Australia ( AP ) _ Qantas will almost double its flights between Australia and India by August in the search for new markets untouched by the crippling Asian financial crisis . This move comes barely a month after Qantas suspended a number of services between Australia , Indonesia , Thailand and Malaysia in the wake of the Asian economic crisis . The airline has also cut all flights to South Korea . Qantas plans daily flights between Sydney and Bombay , up from the current four flights a week , to boost business and tourism ties with India , the airline announced Friday . In a joint statement with Tourism Minister Andrew Thomson , it said two new flights would leave Bombay on Monday and Tuesday nights from March 30 , with the third departing each Thursday from August 6 . This will add nearly 700 seats a week on the route . Thomson , in India to talk to tourism leaders , said the flights would provide extra support to the growing tourism market . Qantas ' India manager Khursheed Lam  said the airline was working closely with the Australian Tourist Commission to develop greater awareness of Australia in the Indian market . Qantas will also  appoint a Bombay - based public relations consultant . 	answer: positive
event: Qantas ' India manager Khursheed Lam said the airline was working closely with the Australian Tourist Commission to develop greater awareness of Australia in the Indian market starts after Qantas will also appoint a Bombay - based public relations consultant story: CANBERRA , Australia ( AP ) _ Qantas will almost double its flights between Australia and India by August in the search for new markets untouched by the crippling Asian financial crisis . This move comes barely a month after Qantas suspended a number of services between Australia , Indonesia , Thailand and Malaysia in the wake of the Asian economic crisis . The airline has also cut all flights to South Korea . Qantas plans daily flights between Sydney and Bombay , up from the current four flights a week , to boost business and tourism ties with India , the airline announced Friday . In a joint statement with Tourism Minister Andrew Thomson , it said two new flights would leave Bombay on Monday and Tuesday nights from March 30 , with the third departing each Thursday from August 6 . This will add nearly 700 seats a week on the route . Thomson , in India to talk to tourism leaders , said the flights would provide extra support to the growing tourism market . Qantas ' India manager Khursheed Lam  said the airline was working closely with the Australian Tourist Commission to develop greater awareness of Australia in the Indian market . Qantas will also  appoint a Bombay - based public relations consultant . 	answer: negative
event: declared effective starts before Under the offer shareholders will receive one right for each 105 common shares owned story: Integra - A Hotel amp Restaurant Co. said its planned rights offering to raise about $ 9 million was  declared effective and the company will begin mailing materials to shareholders at the end of this week . Under the offer , shareholders will  receive one right for each 105 common shares owned . Each right entitles the shareholder to buy $ 100 face amount of 13.5 % bonds due 1993 and warrants to buy 23.5 common shares at 30 cents a share . The rights , which expire Nov. 21 , can be exercised for $ 100 each . Integra , which owns and operates hotels , said that Hallwood Group Inc. has agreed to exercise any rights that are n't exercised by other shareholders . Hallwood , a Cleveland merchant bank , owns about 11 % of Integra . 	answer: positive
event: declared effective starts after Under the offer shareholders will receive one right for each 105 common shares owned story: Integra - A Hotel amp Restaurant Co. said its planned rights offering to raise about $ 9 million was  declared effective and the company will begin mailing materials to shareholders at the end of this week . Under the offer , shareholders will  receive one right for each 105 common shares owned . Each right entitles the shareholder to buy $ 100 face amount of 13.5 % bonds due 1993 and warrants to buy 23.5 common shares at 30 cents a share . The rights , which expire Nov. 21 , can be exercised for $ 100 each . Integra , which owns and operates hotels , said that Hallwood Group Inc. has agreed to exercise any rights that are n't exercised by other shareholders . Hallwood , a Cleveland merchant bank , owns about 11 % of Integra . 	answer: negative
event: Iraq 's Saddam Hussein , his options for ending the Persian Gulf crisis growing increasingly unpleasant offering his first rough proposal for a negotiated end to the confrontation starts before The Iraqi leader in an " initiative " designed as much to rally Arab public opinion as to launch meaningful negotiations announced yesterday that he will withdraw his troops from Kuwait only if Israel withdraws from the West Bank and Syria from Lebanon story: Even as Saddam Hussein was searching for a ploy to ease his isolation , though , the international pressure against him clicked up another notch . " " President Bush implied as much yesterday when reporters asked whether the interdiction would apply to food . The main thing is to stop the oil from coming out of there . " So Saddam Hussein on Friday tried to scare other Arab leaders into supporting him by calling on Arabs to rise up in a holy war against leaders who invited American and other Western soldiers into Saudi Arabia to protect the oil - rich kingdom . And President Bush yesterday , asked whether he was at least glad Iraq is discussing negotiations , replied : " I do n't see anything to be pleasing in there at all . " But that option is growing less and less likely as thousands of American , British , Egyptian , Syrian and Moroccan forces assemble in and around Saudi Arabia to protect the kingdom . They are n't being allowed to leave and could become hostages . Thus , administration aides will be trying to calculate whether Saddam Hussein 's proposed diplomatic formula for getting out of Kuwait represents the first sign he is searching for a way out or simply is a public relations stunt . Over the weekend , Pentagon officials confirmed reports that a fourth U.S. aircraft carrier -- the John F. Kennedy -- and its powerful group of support ships could head for the Middle East within a few days . Three other carriers and their escort vessels already are stationed within striking distance of Iraq or are steaming toward the area . 	answer: positive
event: Iraq 's Saddam Hussein , his options for ending the Persian Gulf crisis growing increasingly unpleasant offering his first rough proposal for a negotiated end to the confrontation starts after The Iraqi leader in an " initiative " designed as much to rally Arab public opinion as to launch meaningful negotiations announced yesterday that he will withdraw his troops from Kuwait only if Israel withdraws from the West Bank and Syria from Lebanon story: Even as Saddam Hussein was searching for a ploy to ease his isolation , though , the international pressure against him clicked up another notch . " " President Bush implied as much yesterday when reporters asked whether the interdiction would apply to food . The main thing is to stop the oil from coming out of there . " So Saddam Hussein on Friday tried to scare other Arab leaders into supporting him by calling on Arabs to rise up in a holy war against leaders who invited American and other Western soldiers into Saudi Arabia to protect the oil - rich kingdom . And President Bush yesterday , asked whether he was at least glad Iraq is discussing negotiations , replied : " I do n't see anything to be pleasing in there at all . " But that option is growing less and less likely as thousands of American , British , Egyptian , Syrian and Moroccan forces assemble in and around Saudi Arabia to protect the kingdom . They are n't being allowed to leave and could become hostages . Thus , administration aides will be trying to calculate whether Saddam Hussein 's proposed diplomatic formula for getting out of Kuwait represents the first sign he is searching for a way out or simply is a public relations stunt . Over the weekend , Pentagon officials confirmed reports that a fourth U.S. aircraft carrier -- the John F. Kennedy -- and its powerful group of support ships could head for the Middle East within a few days . Three other carriers and their escort vessels already are stationed within striking distance of Iraq or are steaming toward the area . 	answer: negative
event: GM sought U.S. antitrust clearance last week to purchase more than $ 15 million worth of Jaguar shares according to GM officials here and at the company 's Detroit headquarters starts before according story: GM  sought U.S. antitrust clearance last week to purchase more than $ 15 million worth of Jaguar shares but does n't own any yet ,  according to GM officials here and at the company 's Detroit headquarters . GM is close to completing a friendly deal with Jaguar that is likely to involve an eventual 30 % stake and joint manufacturing ventures . Since Tuesday , the shares have gained nearly 4 % . " We will not go over a certain level , " said David N. McCammon , Ford 's vice president for finance , at a news conference yesterday in Dearborn , There 's some price at which we 'd stop bidding . " And powerful political pressures may convince the Conservative government to keep its so - called golden share , which limits any individual holding to 15 % , until the restriction expires on Dec. 31 , 1990 . " The golden share is a single share , but it is the magic share . " Ford might succeed because many shareholders are speculators keen for a full bid or institutional investors unhappy over Jaguar management 's handling of its current financial difficulties . The government probably would n't give in readily to a hostile foray by Ford , however . In wooing British lawmakers , GM has pointed out that its willingness to settle for a minority stake would keep Jaguar British - owned and independent . This week , the U.S. auto giant paid for 10 House of Commons members and two House of Lords members to fly to Detroit and tour its operations there . In the end , Sir John -- rather than the government or Jaguar shareholders -- may hold the key that unlocks the golden share . 	answer: positive
event: GM sought U.S. antitrust clearance last week to purchase more than $ 15 million worth of Jaguar shares according to GM officials here and at the company 's Detroit headquarters starts after according story: GM  sought U.S. antitrust clearance last week to purchase more than $ 15 million worth of Jaguar shares but does n't own any yet ,  according to GM officials here and at the company 's Detroit headquarters . GM is close to completing a friendly deal with Jaguar that is likely to involve an eventual 30 % stake and joint manufacturing ventures . Since Tuesday , the shares have gained nearly 4 % . " We will not go over a certain level , " said David N. McCammon , Ford 's vice president for finance , at a news conference yesterday in Dearborn , There 's some price at which we 'd stop bidding . " And powerful political pressures may convince the Conservative government to keep its so - called golden share , which limits any individual holding to 15 % , until the restriction expires on Dec. 31 , 1990 . " The golden share is a single share , but it is the magic share . " Ford might succeed because many shareholders are speculators keen for a full bid or institutional investors unhappy over Jaguar management 's handling of its current financial difficulties . The government probably would n't give in readily to a hostile foray by Ford , however . In wooing British lawmakers , GM has pointed out that its willingness to settle for a minority stake would keep Jaguar British - owned and independent . This week , the U.S. auto giant paid for 10 House of Commons members and two House of Lords members to fly to Detroit and tour its operations there . In the end , Sir John -- rather than the government or Jaguar shareholders -- may hold the key that unlocks the golden share . 	answer: negative
event: In the bond market , a sensitive barometer of inflation anxiety prices edged up pushing down the yield on the benchmark 30-year Treasury bond to 5.92 percent from 5.93 percent starts before prices pushing down the yield on the benchmark 30-year Treasury bond to 5.92 percent from 5.93 percent story: WASHINGTON _ The economy created jobs at a surprisingly robust pace in January , the government reported on Friday , evidence that America 's economic stamina has withstood any disruptions caused so far by the financial tumult in Asia . And because the Federal Reserve has made clear that it expects the economy to slow in coming months as ripple effects from Asia reach the United States , investors disregarded the large jobs gains , betting that neither a rise in interest rates nor resurgent inflation is looming . In the bond market , a sensitive barometer of inflation anxiety , prices  edged up ,  pushing down the yield on the benchmark 30-year Treasury bond to 5.92 percent from 5.93 percent . His advisers said the results reflected not just from balancing the budget , but also initiatives like improved access to education and training and the opening of foreign markets to trade . ` ` There are enormous economic and social benefits from our nation 's high - employment economy , ' ' said Janet Yellen , the chairwoman of the White House 's Council of Economic Advisers . The major harm from Asia is likely to come from the plunge in the value of many Asian currencies relative to the dollar , a situation that is expected to lead to a surge of inexpensive imports into the United States , hurting American competitors . And the weakness of the Asian economies is also likely to lead to decreased demand for American exports . ' 	answer: positive
event: In the bond market , a sensitive barometer of inflation anxiety prices edged up pushing down the yield on the benchmark 30-year Treasury bond to 5.92 percent from 5.93 percent starts after prices pushing down the yield on the benchmark 30-year Treasury bond to 5.92 percent from 5.93 percent story: WASHINGTON _ The economy created jobs at a surprisingly robust pace in January , the government reported on Friday , evidence that America 's economic stamina has withstood any disruptions caused so far by the financial tumult in Asia . And because the Federal Reserve has made clear that it expects the economy to slow in coming months as ripple effects from Asia reach the United States , investors disregarded the large jobs gains , betting that neither a rise in interest rates nor resurgent inflation is looming . In the bond market , a sensitive barometer of inflation anxiety , prices  edged up ,  pushing down the yield on the benchmark 30-year Treasury bond to 5.92 percent from 5.93 percent . His advisers said the results reflected not just from balancing the budget , but also initiatives like improved access to education and training and the opening of foreign markets to trade . ` ` There are enormous economic and social benefits from our nation 's high - employment economy , ' ' said Janet Yellen , the chairwoman of the White House 's Council of Economic Advisers . The major harm from Asia is likely to come from the plunge in the value of many Asian currencies relative to the dollar , a situation that is expected to lead to a surge of inexpensive imports into the United States , hurting American competitors . And the weakness of the Asian economies is also likely to lead to decreased demand for American exports . ' 	answer: negative
event: Anheuser adding it will take " appropriate competitive pricing actions to support our long - term market share growth strategy " for the premium brands starts after Anheuser said it continues to hold to its earlier - announced goal of a 50 % U.S. market share by the mid-1990s story: Anheuser , the world 's largest brewer and U.S. market leader , has historically been reluctant to engage in price - cutting as a means of boosting sales volume . The St. Louis company said major rivals , Philip Morris Co. 's Miller Brewing unit and Adolph Coors Co. " have been following a policy of continuous and deep discounting for at least the past 18 months " on their premium brands , pricing their product as much as 25 cents a 12-pack below Anheuser 's Budweiser label in many markets . Third - period sales were $ 2.49 billion , up from last year 's $ 2.34 billion . Shares of Coors , the company 's sole publicly traded major competitor , fell $ 1.50 apiece to $ 19.125 in national over - the - counter trading , apparently on investor concerns over potential fallout from the coming pricing struggle . " Anheuser  said it continues to hold to its earlier - announced goal of a 50 % U.S. market share by the mid-1990s . " Anheuser is the biggest guy in the bar , and he just decided to join in the barroom brawl , " said Joseph J. Doyle , an analyst with Smith Barney , Harris Upham amp Co. " " " " While the third - quarter earnings were a " moderate disappointment , " he said , " the real bad news is the intensity of price competition " in the premium - beer sector . It 's followed by Stroh Brewery Co. , which has agreed to sell its assets to Coors . 	answer: positive
event: Anheuser adding it will take " appropriate competitive pricing actions to support our long - term market share growth strategy " for the premium brands starts before Anheuser said it continues to hold to its earlier - announced goal of a 50 % U.S. market share by the mid-1990s story: Anheuser , the world 's largest brewer and U.S. market leader , has historically been reluctant to engage in price - cutting as a means of boosting sales volume . The St. Louis company said major rivals , Philip Morris Co. 's Miller Brewing unit and Adolph Coors Co. " have been following a policy of continuous and deep discounting for at least the past 18 months " on their premium brands , pricing their product as much as 25 cents a 12-pack below Anheuser 's Budweiser label in many markets . Third - period sales were $ 2.49 billion , up from last year 's $ 2.34 billion . Shares of Coors , the company 's sole publicly traded major competitor , fell $ 1.50 apiece to $ 19.125 in national over - the - counter trading , apparently on investor concerns over potential fallout from the coming pricing struggle . " Anheuser  said it continues to hold to its earlier - announced goal of a 50 % U.S. market share by the mid-1990s . " Anheuser is the biggest guy in the bar , and he just decided to join in the barroom brawl , " said Joseph J. Doyle , an analyst with Smith Barney , Harris Upham amp Co. " " " " While the third - quarter earnings were a " moderate disappointment , " he said , " the real bad news is the intensity of price competition " in the premium - beer sector . It 's followed by Stroh Brewery Co. , which has agreed to sell its assets to Coors . 	answer: negative
event: But the big , often tumultuous slide in stock prices this month turned some of those who have been profiting from the practice against it starts after those who profiting from the practice story: Market makers in Nasdaq over - the - counter stocks are adding their voices to the swelling chorus of complaints about program trading . Estimates from traders put it at less than 5 % of Nasdaq 's average daily volume of roughly 133 million shares . But the big , often tumultuous slide in stock prices this month has  turned some of those who have been  profiting from the practice against it . Merrill Lynch , Goldman Sachs and Kidder Peabody , in addition to Shearson , do program - trade OTC stocks . Kidder Peabody does program trading for its own as well as clients ' accounts . And to protect their reduced capital investment from eroding further , market makers became quicker to lower price quotes when sell programs are in progress . No one has big positions and no one wants to take big risks . These big stocks greatly influence the Nasdaq Composite Index . This gap eventually closes , but slowly . Weakness in big technology stocks hurt the composite as well as the Nasdaq 100 Index , which fell 1.4 % , or 6.43 , on Friday , to 437.68 . LIN Broadcasting surged 4 5/8 to 112 5/8 ; LIN and BellSouth sweetened their merger agreement in an attempt to keep shareholders from tendering their shares to McCaw Cellular Communications . The revised LIN - BellSouth agreement boosts the dollar amount of the special dividend LIN promises to pay shareholders . The company said its third - quarter earnings will probably be lower than the 16 cents a share it reported last year , despite a rise in the company 's revenue . 	answer: positive
event: But the big , often tumultuous slide in stock prices this month turned some of those who have been profiting from the practice against it starts before those who profiting from the practice story: Market makers in Nasdaq over - the - counter stocks are adding their voices to the swelling chorus of complaints about program trading . Estimates from traders put it at less than 5 % of Nasdaq 's average daily volume of roughly 133 million shares . But the big , often tumultuous slide in stock prices this month has  turned some of those who have been  profiting from the practice against it . Merrill Lynch , Goldman Sachs and Kidder Peabody , in addition to Shearson , do program - trade OTC stocks . Kidder Peabody does program trading for its own as well as clients ' accounts . And to protect their reduced capital investment from eroding further , market makers became quicker to lower price quotes when sell programs are in progress . No one has big positions and no one wants to take big risks . These big stocks greatly influence the Nasdaq Composite Index . This gap eventually closes , but slowly . Weakness in big technology stocks hurt the composite as well as the Nasdaq 100 Index , which fell 1.4 % , or 6.43 , on Friday , to 437.68 . LIN Broadcasting surged 4 5/8 to 112 5/8 ; LIN and BellSouth sweetened their merger agreement in an attempt to keep shareholders from tendering their shares to McCaw Cellular Communications . The revised LIN - BellSouth agreement boosts the dollar amount of the special dividend LIN promises to pay shareholders . The company said its third - quarter earnings will probably be lower than the 16 cents a share it reported last year , despite a rise in the company 's revenue . 	answer: negative
event: Albright also used her speech to articulate a forward - looking vision for NATO , which will celebrate its 50th anniversary in Washington next month , and to defend NATO 's potential involvement in Kosovo starts before NATO which defend NATO 's potential involvement in Kosovo story: The North Atlantic Treaty Organization embraced three of its former rivals , the Czech Republic , Hungary and Poland on Friday , formally ending the Soviet domination of those nations that began after World War II and opening a new path for the military alliance . But in many ways , the day belonged to the Czech Republic , Hungary and Poland , who in order to meet NATO 's standards have had to cut the size of their Soviet - style militaries , organize civilian control of their armies and agree to buy NATO compatible equipment in the coming years . The poster showed a picture of Gary Cooper from the film ` ` High Noon . ' ' ` ` It helped us to win , ' ' But he never dreamed , he said , that his country would become a member of NATO . But Martonyi also emphasized that Hungary understood NATO membership carried with it obligations as well as privileges . The location for Friday 's ceremony was chosen by Albright , who as secretary of state is the depository of NATO 's accession accords . The Clinton administration embarked on the expansion of NATO in 1993 after Clinton met in Washington with President Havel and Lech Walesa , who was then the president of Poland . These conversations are remembered by Clinton 's foreign policy team because they took place after the opening of the Holocaust Museum and because they involved two very different Central European leaders who brought the same message . ` ` We want our membership of NATO to serve as a ` catalyst ' for Polish Russian co - operation , ' ' he said last year . 	answer: positive
event: Albright also used her speech to articulate a forward - looking vision for NATO , which will celebrate its 50th anniversary in Washington next month , and to defend NATO 's potential involvement in Kosovo starts after NATO which defend NATO 's potential involvement in Kosovo story: The North Atlantic Treaty Organization embraced three of its former rivals , the Czech Republic , Hungary and Poland on Friday , formally ending the Soviet domination of those nations that began after World War II and opening a new path for the military alliance . But in many ways , the day belonged to the Czech Republic , Hungary and Poland , who in order to meet NATO 's standards have had to cut the size of their Soviet - style militaries , organize civilian control of their armies and agree to buy NATO compatible equipment in the coming years . The poster showed a picture of Gary Cooper from the film ` ` High Noon . ' ' ` ` It helped us to win , ' ' But he never dreamed , he said , that his country would become a member of NATO . But Martonyi also emphasized that Hungary understood NATO membership carried with it obligations as well as privileges . The location for Friday 's ceremony was chosen by Albright , who as secretary of state is the depository of NATO 's accession accords . The Clinton administration embarked on the expansion of NATO in 1993 after Clinton met in Washington with President Havel and Lech Walesa , who was then the president of Poland . These conversations are remembered by Clinton 's foreign policy team because they took place after the opening of the Holocaust Museum and because they involved two very different Central European leaders who brought the same message . ` ` We want our membership of NATO to serve as a ` catalyst ' for Polish Russian co - operation , ' ' he said last year . 	answer: negative
event: President Fidel Castro said Friday she had been ` ` practically kidnapped ' ' by the boyfriend who perished along with her on the boat wreck her 6-year - old son survived starts after his mother take her to ` ` freedom ' a vision he called a cliche story: HAVANA ( AP ) -- Calling the mother of Elian Gonzalez ` ` an excellent girl , ' ' Castro 's remarks to a conference of economists were aimed at those who say that Elian should remain in the United States because his mother sacrificed his life to  take her to ` ` freedom , ' ' a vision he called a cliche . He placed the blame on Lazaro Rafael Munero , who apparently organized the ill - fated journey on which Elian 's mother Elisabeth Brotons and 10 other people -- including Munero -- died . ` ` The mother was practically kidnapped along with the boy ' ' to make the late - November trip , Castro said . Earlier Friday , Cuba 's communist government celebrated the birth of independence hero Jose Marti on Friday with rallies calling for the return of Elian Gonzalez , the ` ` boy martyr ' ' at the center of an international custody battle . ` ` Che ' ' Guevara and said the boy ` ` has been converted forever into a symbol of the crimes and injustices that imperialism is capable of committing against an innocent . ' ' The commemorations began early Friday morning , as tens of thousands of Cubans marched through Havana 's streets by torchlight . But Elian 's paternal great - uncle in the United States , backed by the anti - Castro Cuban American National Foundation , is fighting in the courts to keep the boy in Miami . ` ` They are not going to buy me , ' ' said Juan Miguel Gonzalez . ` ` What is important for me is that they return the boy to me as soon as possible . ' 	answer: positive
event: President Fidel Castro said Friday she had been ` ` practically kidnapped ' ' by the boyfriend who perished along with her on the boat wreck her 6-year - old son survived starts before his mother take her to ` ` freedom ' a vision he called a cliche story: HAVANA ( AP ) -- Calling the mother of Elian Gonzalez ` ` an excellent girl , ' ' Castro 's remarks to a conference of economists were aimed at those who say that Elian should remain in the United States because his mother sacrificed his life to  take her to ` ` freedom , ' ' a vision he called a cliche . He placed the blame on Lazaro Rafael Munero , who apparently organized the ill - fated journey on which Elian 's mother Elisabeth Brotons and 10 other people -- including Munero -- died . ` ` The mother was practically kidnapped along with the boy ' ' to make the late - November trip , Castro said . Earlier Friday , Cuba 's communist government celebrated the birth of independence hero Jose Marti on Friday with rallies calling for the return of Elian Gonzalez , the ` ` boy martyr ' ' at the center of an international custody battle . ` ` Che ' ' Guevara and said the boy ` ` has been converted forever into a symbol of the crimes and injustices that imperialism is capable of committing against an innocent . ' ' The commemorations began early Friday morning , as tens of thousands of Cubans marched through Havana 's streets by torchlight . But Elian 's paternal great - uncle in the United States , backed by the anti - Castro Cuban American National Foundation , is fighting in the courts to keep the boy in Miami . ` ` They are not going to buy me , ' ' said Juan Miguel Gonzalez . ` ` What is important for me is that they return the boy to me as soon as possible . ' 	answer: negative
event: But this year children wore T - shirts bearing Elian 's portrait with their school uniforms starts after tens of thousands of Cubans marched through Havana 's streets by torchlight story: He placed the blame on Lazaro Rafael Munero , who apparently organized the ill - fated journey on which Elian 's mother Elisabeth Brotons and 10 other people -- including Munero -- died . Castro called Munero -- who reportedly drove a taxi and engaged in unofficial businesses in the Cuban city of Cardenas -- a ` ` ruffian ' ' on whom Cuban police had amassed ' ' 100 pages of reports . ' ' ` ` The mother was practically kidnapped along with the boy ' ' to make the late - November trip , Castro said . Similar events were held all day in the capital and across the island . But Elian 's paternal great - uncle in the United States , backed by the anti - Castro Cuban American National Foundation , is fighting in the courts to keep the boy in Miami . Fla. Sister Jeanne O'Laughlin said after the meeting she thought Elian should stay in the United States . ` ` First Fruits of the Monstrousness , ' ' read the full - page editorial on the front of Friday 's edition of the Communist Party daily Granma . It offered more details and criticisms of the perceived treatment that Elian 's grandmothers , Mariela Quintana and Raquel Rodriguez , received from O'Laughlin , the Miami relatives and other anti - Castro Cubans during the encounter . In an interview with the Spanish language broadcast of CNN , Elian 's father also criticized how the meeting was handled . 	answer: positive
event: But this year children wore T - shirts bearing Elian 's portrait with their school uniforms starts before tens of thousands of Cubans marched through Havana 's streets by torchlight story: He placed the blame on Lazaro Rafael Munero , who apparently organized the ill - fated journey on which Elian 's mother Elisabeth Brotons and 10 other people -- including Munero -- died . Castro called Munero -- who reportedly drove a taxi and engaged in unofficial businesses in the Cuban city of Cardenas -- a ` ` ruffian ' ' on whom Cuban police had amassed ' ' 100 pages of reports . ' ' ` ` The mother was practically kidnapped along with the boy ' ' to make the late - November trip , Castro said . Similar events were held all day in the capital and across the island . But Elian 's paternal great - uncle in the United States , backed by the anti - Castro Cuban American National Foundation , is fighting in the courts to keep the boy in Miami . Fla. Sister Jeanne O'Laughlin said after the meeting she thought Elian should stay in the United States . ` ` First Fruits of the Monstrousness , ' ' read the full - page editorial on the front of Friday 's edition of the Communist Party daily Granma . It offered more details and criticisms of the perceived treatment that Elian 's grandmothers , Mariela Quintana and Raquel Rodriguez , received from O'Laughlin , the Miami relatives and other anti - Castro Cubans during the encounter . In an interview with the Spanish language broadcast of CNN , Elian 's father also criticized how the meeting was handled . 	answer: negative
event: An American leader of a U.N. weapons inspection team resumed work in Iraq Friday nearly two months after his team was effectively blocked starts before Scott Ritter led his team on a 10-hour tour of three suspected weapons sites classified as ` ` sensitive ' ' by the Iraqi authorities story: _ Previously the Iraqis have resisted attempts to inspect such quarters . The U.N. Security Council has charged the inspectors with verifying that Iraq has destroyed its long - range missiles and weapons of mass destruction . Then the Baghdad government stopped providing Ritter 's team with escorts , making it impossible for him to enter any site . Iraq alleged Ritter was an American spy whose team had a disproportionately high number of Americans and Britons . The official Iraqi News Agency , which gives the daily tally of inspections , did not mention Ritter by name , but said Friday that team no . 225 _ which Ritter heads _ made surprise visits to a number of sites and was assisted by aerial surveillance . Ritter 's return is seen as something of a test of that agreement , under which Iraq agreed to give inspectors full access to eight of Saddam Hussein 's presidential palaces . The United States had moved additional troops and a naval armada into the Gulf and said it would strike Iraq unless it gave the U.N. arms inspectors unfettered access to all potential weapons sites , including Saddam 's palaces . ` ` We are going to maintain our forces in the region for the foreseeable future , ' ' said spokesman Kenneth Bacon . The U.N.-Iraq accord was worked out by U.N. Secretary - General Kofi Annan , who appointed a retired Indian diplomat on Thursday as his special representative to Iraq . Palace inspections are not expected to start until the new agreement 's procedures are in place . The procedures are due to go before the Security Council next week . 	answer: positive
event: An American leader of a U.N. weapons inspection team resumed work in Iraq Friday nearly two months after his team was effectively blocked starts after Scott Ritter led his team on a 10-hour tour of three suspected weapons sites classified as ` ` sensitive ' ' by the Iraqi authorities story: _ Previously the Iraqis have resisted attempts to inspect such quarters . The U.N. Security Council has charged the inspectors with verifying that Iraq has destroyed its long - range missiles and weapons of mass destruction . Then the Baghdad government stopped providing Ritter 's team with escorts , making it impossible for him to enter any site . Iraq alleged Ritter was an American spy whose team had a disproportionately high number of Americans and Britons . The official Iraqi News Agency , which gives the daily tally of inspections , did not mention Ritter by name , but said Friday that team no . 225 _ which Ritter heads _ made surprise visits to a number of sites and was assisted by aerial surveillance . Ritter 's return is seen as something of a test of that agreement , under which Iraq agreed to give inspectors full access to eight of Saddam Hussein 's presidential palaces . The United States had moved additional troops and a naval armada into the Gulf and said it would strike Iraq unless it gave the U.N. arms inspectors unfettered access to all potential weapons sites , including Saddam 's palaces . ` ` We are going to maintain our forces in the region for the foreseeable future , ' ' said spokesman Kenneth Bacon . The U.N.-Iraq accord was worked out by U.N. Secretary - General Kofi Annan , who appointed a retired Indian diplomat on Thursday as his special representative to Iraq . Palace inspections are not expected to start until the new agreement 's procedures are in place . The procedures are due to go before the Security Council next week . 	answer: negative
event: hair found near where a sniper shot and killed a Buffalo , N.Y. , doctor who performed abortions starts before The first round of DNA tests on the hair at the FBI Laboratory here established a high probability it came from the same person as a hair found in a New Jersey home where James C. Kopp , a 44-year - old anti - abortion protester , lived last year story: Preliminary DNA tests link a missing anti - abortion activist to a strand of hair  found near where a sniper shot and killed a Buffalo , N.Y. , doctor who performed abortions , a law enforcement official said Friday . The first DNA tests did not exclude a match between the two strands . Kopp has eluded authorities since they obtained a warrant for him as a material witness in the Oct. 23 sniper shooting of Dr. Barnett Slepian , a 52-year - old obstetrician - gynecologist who performed abortions . The search for Kopp was recently extended to Mexico . The FBI is conducting further DNA tests of the hair found outside Dr. Slepian 's home . ` ` Ultimately , we would need to have a hair taken directly from Kopp himself to establish conclusively the hair from scene is his , ' ' the official added . N.Y. But The Buffalo News reported Friday that the hair was in a packet , with at least two bullets , that was found buried in the ground more than 50 feet from a tree where police believe the sniper stood and fired . Last week , FBI Director Louis Freeh , on an official visit to Mexico , asked Mexican authorities to join the hunt for Kopp , federal officials have said . Authorities obtained a material - witness arrest warrant for Kopp after they said Kopp 's car was spotted in Amherst in the weeks before Slepian was killed . The car had been in the long - term lot for about two weeks , said Greg Trevor , a spokesman for the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey . 	answer: positive
event: hair found near where a sniper shot and killed a Buffalo , N.Y. , doctor who performed abortions starts after The first round of DNA tests on the hair at the FBI Laboratory here established a high probability it came from the same person as a hair found in a New Jersey home where James C. Kopp , a 44-year - old anti - abortion protester , lived last year story: Preliminary DNA tests link a missing anti - abortion activist to a strand of hair  found near where a sniper shot and killed a Buffalo , N.Y. , doctor who performed abortions , a law enforcement official said Friday . The first DNA tests did not exclude a match between the two strands . Kopp has eluded authorities since they obtained a warrant for him as a material witness in the Oct. 23 sniper shooting of Dr. Barnett Slepian , a 52-year - old obstetrician - gynecologist who performed abortions . The search for Kopp was recently extended to Mexico . The FBI is conducting further DNA tests of the hair found outside Dr. Slepian 's home . ` ` Ultimately , we would need to have a hair taken directly from Kopp himself to establish conclusively the hair from scene is his , ' ' the official added . N.Y. But The Buffalo News reported Friday that the hair was in a packet , with at least two bullets , that was found buried in the ground more than 50 feet from a tree where police believe the sniper stood and fired . Last week , FBI Director Louis Freeh , on an official visit to Mexico , asked Mexican authorities to join the hunt for Kopp , federal officials have said . Authorities obtained a material - witness arrest warrant for Kopp after they said Kopp 's car was spotted in Amherst in the weeks before Slepian was killed . The car had been in the long - term lot for about two weeks , said Greg Trevor , a spokesman for the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey . 	answer: negative
event: Susan Dudley , deputy director of the National Abortion Federation , assailed the remarks starts after the rhetoric of the anti - abortion movement helped lead to violent attacks against abortion providers story: Additional details of the slaying emerged on Sunday . The doctor 's wife and one of his sons were in the kitchen when the shooting occurred , Murray said . The bullet bounced off a cabinet and ricocheted into the living room , where the doctor 's three other children were watching television , Murray said . Slepian 's wife and one son tried to revive him . Whoever shot the shot protected the children . ' ` ` He called on many of the same people to express outrage at partial birth abortion , which he called the equivalent of infanticide , ' ' Joseph Zwilling , a spokesman for the Archdiocese of New York , said of the cardinal 's sermon . Religious leaders in Buffalo also condemned the shooting . She said the rhetoric of the anti - abortion movement has  helped lead to violent attacks against abortion providers . Men smoking cigars and drinking beer with friends after shooting skeet at the Buffalo Shooting Club in Amherst said their feelings about abortion were mixed , but they uniformly denounced the killing of Slepian . Many residents said abortion had gradually dwindled as a local issue since Operation Rescue , an anti - abortion group , started a series of largely unsuccessful ` ` Spring of Life ' ' demonstrations in 1992 intended to shut down abortion clinics and harass local doctors , including Slepian . Little of the vitriol that the issue aroused in the late 1980s and early 1990s remains , residents said , and many of the local religious leaders who led the 1992 protests have moved . ` ` Everyone else has gone away . ' ' 	answer: positive
event: Susan Dudley , deputy director of the National Abortion Federation , assailed the remarks starts before the rhetoric of the anti - abortion movement helped lead to violent attacks against abortion providers story: Additional details of the slaying emerged on Sunday . The doctor 's wife and one of his sons were in the kitchen when the shooting occurred , Murray said . The bullet bounced off a cabinet and ricocheted into the living room , where the doctor 's three other children were watching television , Murray said . Slepian 's wife and one son tried to revive him . Whoever shot the shot protected the children . ' ` ` He called on many of the same people to express outrage at partial birth abortion , which he called the equivalent of infanticide , ' ' Joseph Zwilling , a spokesman for the Archdiocese of New York , said of the cardinal 's sermon . Religious leaders in Buffalo also condemned the shooting . She said the rhetoric of the anti - abortion movement has  helped lead to violent attacks against abortion providers . Men smoking cigars and drinking beer with friends after shooting skeet at the Buffalo Shooting Club in Amherst said their feelings about abortion were mixed , but they uniformly denounced the killing of Slepian . Many residents said abortion had gradually dwindled as a local issue since Operation Rescue , an anti - abortion group , started a series of largely unsuccessful ` ` Spring of Life ' ' demonstrations in 1992 intended to shut down abortion clinics and harass local doctors , including Slepian . Little of the vitriol that the issue aroused in the late 1980s and early 1990s remains , residents said , and many of the local religious leaders who led the 1992 protests have moved . ` ` Everyone else has gone away . ' ' 	answer: negative
event: the body was Blassie starts before But subsequently they lost story: The Pentagon said today it will re - examine the question are the remains inside the Tomb of the Unknown from the Vietnam War , in fact , known ? CBS News first reported last night that the tomb may contain the remains of Air Force pilot Michael Blassie . There was a suspicion the body  was Blassie because his uniform and ID card were found near the body in Vietnam . But subsequently , they were  lost . Blassie 's mother now wants the remains in the tomb tested for DNA . 	answer: positive
event: the body was Blassie starts after But subsequently they lost story: The Pentagon said today it will re - examine the question are the remains inside the Tomb of the Unknown from the Vietnam War , in fact , known ? CBS News first reported last night that the tomb may contain the remains of Air Force pilot Michael Blassie . There was a suspicion the body  was Blassie because his uniform and ID card were found near the body in Vietnam . But subsequently , they were  lost . Blassie 's mother now wants the remains in the tomb tested for DNA . 	answer: negative
event: Lazaro Rafael Munero who apparently organized the ill - fated journey on which Elian 's mother Elisabeth Brotons and 10 other people -- including Munero -- died starts before the ill - fated journey on which Elian 's mother Elisabeth Brotons and 10 other people -- including Munero -- died story: ` ` The mother was practically kidnapped along with the boy ' ' to make the late - November trip , Castro said . Tens of thousands of children flooded Havana 's Plaza of the Revolution to deliver a dual homage to Marti and Elian , the 6-year - old Cuban whose rescue off Florida 's coast two months ago set off a tug - of - war between relatives living on both sides of the Florida Straits . ` ` Che ' ' Guevara and said the boy ` ` has been converted forever into a symbol of the crimes and injustices that imperialism is capable of committing against an innocent . ' ' But this year , children wore T - shirts bearing Elian 's portrait with their school uniforms . Similar events were held all day in the capital and across the island . In Old Havana , hundreds of children marched around the Parque Central chanting ` ` We will save Elian ! ' ' A small group of girls wore construction paper handcuffs -- an apparent reference to the government 's characterization of Elian 's retention in the United States as a ` ` kidnapping . ' ' It offered more details and criticisms of the perceived treatment that Elian 's grandmothers , Mariela Quintana and Raquel Rodriguez , received from O'Laughlin , the Miami relatives and other anti - Castro Cubans during the encounter . He repeated charges that his relatives and others in Miami had offered him money to stay in the United States with his son . 	answer: positive
event: Lazaro Rafael Munero who apparently organized the ill - fated journey on which Elian 's mother Elisabeth Brotons and 10 other people -- including Munero -- died starts after the ill - fated journey on which Elian 's mother Elisabeth Brotons and 10 other people -- including Munero -- died story: ` ` The mother was practically kidnapped along with the boy ' ' to make the late - November trip , Castro said . Tens of thousands of children flooded Havana 's Plaza of the Revolution to deliver a dual homage to Marti and Elian , the 6-year - old Cuban whose rescue off Florida 's coast two months ago set off a tug - of - war between relatives living on both sides of the Florida Straits . ` ` Che ' ' Guevara and said the boy ` ` has been converted forever into a symbol of the crimes and injustices that imperialism is capable of committing against an innocent . ' ' But this year , children wore T - shirts bearing Elian 's portrait with their school uniforms . Similar events were held all day in the capital and across the island . In Old Havana , hundreds of children marched around the Parque Central chanting ` ` We will save Elian ! ' ' A small group of girls wore construction paper handcuffs -- an apparent reference to the government 's characterization of Elian 's retention in the United States as a ` ` kidnapping . ' ' It offered more details and criticisms of the perceived treatment that Elian 's grandmothers , Mariela Quintana and Raquel Rodriguez , received from O'Laughlin , the Miami relatives and other anti - Castro Cubans during the encounter . He repeated charges that his relatives and others in Miami had offered him money to stay in the United States with his son . 	answer: negative
event: Asked how the company hopes to expand its computer hardware business Mr. Ousley starts after the integration dollars our customers spending story: Moreover , the company , whose go - it - alone approach nearly proved fatal , now sees alliances with others as the way back to prosperity in what it calls " the data solutions " business . So its senior executives are talking openly about possibly buying back some of the company 's $ 172.5 million in subordinated convertible debentures next year . He said the company has no intention of tapping its short - term bank lines " for a good part of 1990 . " In recent months a group of lenders , led by Bank of America , has extended Control Data up to $ 90 million in revolving loans through January , as well as $ 115 million in standby letters of credit . While a few assets are still being shopped -- including the sports and entertainment ticketing portion of the company 's Ticketron unit -- Mr. Price said future restructuring would be a question of strategy . Rather , Mr. Perlman said , Control Data intends to bid for the coming Minnesota lottery contract and is seeking new applications for the technology overseas , where " there is great interest in games of skill . " We think we 're getting only 10 % of the integration dollars our customers are  spending , " he said . Control Data mainframes are designed for numerically intensive computing users , such as the scientific , engineering and academic communities . Utilities management is a major commercial niche . Absolutely , " he said . 	answer: positive
event: Asked how the company hopes to expand its computer hardware business Mr. Ousley starts before the integration dollars our customers spending story: Moreover , the company , whose go - it - alone approach nearly proved fatal , now sees alliances with others as the way back to prosperity in what it calls " the data solutions " business . So its senior executives are talking openly about possibly buying back some of the company 's $ 172.5 million in subordinated convertible debentures next year . He said the company has no intention of tapping its short - term bank lines " for a good part of 1990 . " In recent months a group of lenders , led by Bank of America , has extended Control Data up to $ 90 million in revolving loans through January , as well as $ 115 million in standby letters of credit . While a few assets are still being shopped -- including the sports and entertainment ticketing portion of the company 's Ticketron unit -- Mr. Price said future restructuring would be a question of strategy . Rather , Mr. Perlman said , Control Data intends to bid for the coming Minnesota lottery contract and is seeking new applications for the technology overseas , where " there is great interest in games of skill . " We think we 're getting only 10 % of the integration dollars our customers are  spending , " he said . Control Data mainframes are designed for numerically intensive computing users , such as the scientific , engineering and academic communities . Utilities management is a major commercial niche . Absolutely , " he said . 	answer: negative
event: In other developments The Pentagon said that Defense Secretary Dick Cheney is considering urging Bush to order a national callup of armed forces reserves for active duty because of the drain on units starts after sending soldiers abroad story: Iraq 's Saddam Hussein , facing U.S. and Arab troops at the Saudi border , today sought peace on another front by promising to withdraw from Iranian territory and release soldiers captured during the Iran - Iraq war . Also today , King Hussein of Jordan arrived in Washington seeking to mediate the Persian Gulf crisis . ' In a speech delivered at the Pentagon , Bush seemed to suggest that American forces could be in the gulf region for some time . Nearly 9,000 Soviets were among the hundreds of thousands of foreigners trapped in Iraq and Kuwait . The British Foreign Office said today conditions in Kuwait appear to be deteriorating . The U.N. Security Council on Aug. 6 ordered a global embargo on trade with Iraq as punishment for seizing Kuwait . The size of the contingent was not disclosed . Truckloads of goods rolled into Iraq from Jordan on Tuesday and Iraqi - bound cargo was unloaded from ships at the Red Sea port ofAqaba despite the U.N.-ordered sanctions . In an interview from Jordan on ABC , he declined to discuss details , but said : ` ` I do n't think that his majesty would be traveling at this crucial moment if the Iraqi leadership did not have a rational approach to the future . ' The embargo is meant to cripple Iraq by cutting off its exports of oil and imports of food and military supplies . In Saudi Arabia , today is the eighth day of ` ` Desert Shield , ' ' the operation designed to confront an estimated 200,000 Iraqi soldiers now in Kuwait . It accused Kuwait of deliberately slashing Iraqi oil revenues by overproducing oil and driving down prices , among other charges . 	answer: positive
event: In other developments The Pentagon said that Defense Secretary Dick Cheney is considering urging Bush to order a national callup of armed forces reserves for active duty because of the drain on units starts before sending soldiers abroad story: Iraq 's Saddam Hussein , facing U.S. and Arab troops at the Saudi border , today sought peace on another front by promising to withdraw from Iranian territory and release soldiers captured during the Iran - Iraq war . Also today , King Hussein of Jordan arrived in Washington seeking to mediate the Persian Gulf crisis . ' In a speech delivered at the Pentagon , Bush seemed to suggest that American forces could be in the gulf region for some time . Nearly 9,000 Soviets were among the hundreds of thousands of foreigners trapped in Iraq and Kuwait . The British Foreign Office said today conditions in Kuwait appear to be deteriorating . The U.N. Security Council on Aug. 6 ordered a global embargo on trade with Iraq as punishment for seizing Kuwait . The size of the contingent was not disclosed . Truckloads of goods rolled into Iraq from Jordan on Tuesday and Iraqi - bound cargo was unloaded from ships at the Red Sea port ofAqaba despite the U.N.-ordered sanctions . In an interview from Jordan on ABC , he declined to discuss details , but said : ` ` I do n't think that his majesty would be traveling at this crucial moment if the Iraqi leadership did not have a rational approach to the future . ' The embargo is meant to cripple Iraq by cutting off its exports of oil and imports of food and military supplies . In Saudi Arabia , today is the eighth day of ` ` Desert Shield , ' ' the operation designed to confront an estimated 200,000 Iraqi soldiers now in Kuwait . It accused Kuwait of deliberately slashing Iraqi oil revenues by overproducing oil and driving down prices , among other charges . 	answer: negative
event: Meanwhile Egypt 's official Middle East News Agency said Thursday that Saddam was the target of an assassination attempt , which led to ` ` large - scale ' ' arrests , including some close associates of the Iraqi strongman starts after The agency quoted witnesses as saying tanks and armored cars are patrolling the streets of Baghdad story: At a news conference , Secretary of State James A. Baker III said Jordan ` ` is seeking some guidance ' ' about a provision in the U.N.-backed trade embargo that allows food for humanitarian purposes . ` ` Very few ' ' of the 2,500 Americans in occupied Kuwait complied with the order , a senior U.S. official told The Associated Press . A total of about 3,000 Americans , 3,000 Britons and more than 450 Japanese are in Iraq and Kuwait . In Washington , Pentagon spokesman Pete Williams said Iraq has continued to increase its armed forces in Kuwait and they now number about 160,000 . He called U.S. soldiers massing in Saudi Arabia the real occupiers in the Persian Gulf . Replied State Department deputy spokesman Richard Boucher , ` ` We have n't really analyzed the statement in detail They are aided by Britain , West Germany , Australia , Canada , the Netherlands and Belgium . Bush was expected to authorize naval commanders to use ` ` the minimum force necessary ' ' to interdict shipments to and from Iraq , a U.S. official said . He declined to say if the weapons included missiles , but the Iraqis have them in their arsenal . Only Saudi Arabia has more oil reserves . In the United Nations , Libya called for the replacement of U.S. forces in the Persian Gulf with Arab League forces and U.N. soldiers . There was no decision on a meeting . Meanwhile , Egypt 's official Middle East News Agency  said Thursday that Saddam was the target of an assassination attempt , which led to ` ` large - scale ' ' arrests , including some close associates of the Iraqi strongman . 	answer: positive
event: Meanwhile Egypt 's official Middle East News Agency said Thursday that Saddam was the target of an assassination attempt , which led to ` ` large - scale ' ' arrests , including some close associates of the Iraqi strongman starts before The agency quoted witnesses as saying tanks and armored cars are patrolling the streets of Baghdad story: At a news conference , Secretary of State James A. Baker III said Jordan ` ` is seeking some guidance ' ' about a provision in the U.N.-backed trade embargo that allows food for humanitarian purposes . ` ` Very few ' ' of the 2,500 Americans in occupied Kuwait complied with the order , a senior U.S. official told The Associated Press . A total of about 3,000 Americans , 3,000 Britons and more than 450 Japanese are in Iraq and Kuwait . In Washington , Pentagon spokesman Pete Williams said Iraq has continued to increase its armed forces in Kuwait and they now number about 160,000 . He called U.S. soldiers massing in Saudi Arabia the real occupiers in the Persian Gulf . Replied State Department deputy spokesman Richard Boucher , ` ` We have n't really analyzed the statement in detail They are aided by Britain , West Germany , Australia , Canada , the Netherlands and Belgium . Bush was expected to authorize naval commanders to use ` ` the minimum force necessary ' ' to interdict shipments to and from Iraq , a U.S. official said . He declined to say if the weapons included missiles , but the Iraqis have them in their arsenal . Only Saudi Arabia has more oil reserves . In the United Nations , Libya called for the replacement of U.S. forces in the Persian Gulf with Arab League forces and U.N. soldiers . There was no decision on a meeting . Meanwhile , Egypt 's official Middle East News Agency  said Thursday that Saddam was the target of an assassination attempt , which led to ` ` large - scale ' ' arrests , including some close associates of the Iraqi strongman . 	answer: negative
event: toppling a crowded building toward the embassy and a street packed with cars , trucks and buses starts before said story: NAIROBI , Kenya ( AP ) _ Terrorist bombings at U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania blew apart buildings and buses , trapping people under slabs of concrete and twisted steel that rescuers cleared with cranes , blow torches and bare hands . At least 82 were killed and more than 1,700 injured , officials said as dawn broke Saturday . Dozens of people were still missing , however , and the death toll was expected to rise , they said . The suspected car bombings occurred 700 kilometers ( 450 miles ) from each other but just minutes apart on Friday , turning busy streets in two African capitals into bloody piles of concrete and knots of steel . ` ` This appears to have been a very well - coordinated , very well - planned attack _ clearly not the work of amateurs , ' ' U.S. National Security Council spokesman P.J. Crowley said in Washington . No one has claimed responsibility . The blast in Nairobi occurred at about 10:35 a.m. ( 0735 GMT ) Friday ,  toppling a crowded building toward the embassy and a street packed with cars , trucks and buses . At least 75 people were killed and 1,643 wounded there , Red Cross and ambulance officials  said . 	answer: positive
event: toppling a crowded building toward the embassy and a street packed with cars , trucks and buses starts after said story: NAIROBI , Kenya ( AP ) _ Terrorist bombings at U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania blew apart buildings and buses , trapping people under slabs of concrete and twisted steel that rescuers cleared with cranes , blow torches and bare hands . At least 82 were killed and more than 1,700 injured , officials said as dawn broke Saturday . Dozens of people were still missing , however , and the death toll was expected to rise , they said . The suspected car bombings occurred 700 kilometers ( 450 miles ) from each other but just minutes apart on Friday , turning busy streets in two African capitals into bloody piles of concrete and knots of steel . ` ` This appears to have been a very well - coordinated , very well - planned attack _ clearly not the work of amateurs , ' ' U.S. National Security Council spokesman P.J. Crowley said in Washington . No one has claimed responsibility . The blast in Nairobi occurred at about 10:35 a.m. ( 0735 GMT ) Friday ,  toppling a crowded building toward the embassy and a street packed with cars , trucks and buses . At least 75 people were killed and 1,643 wounded there , Red Cross and ambulance officials  said . 	answer: negative
event: The Bureau of Labor Statistics said the economy added 358,000 jobs last month , far above the 235,000 forecast by economists starts after the economy added 358,000 jobs last month far above the 235,000 forecast by economists story: The Bureau of Labor Statistics  said the economy  added 358,000 jobs last month , far above the 235,000 forecast by economists . But economists said the wage increase was not enough to raise any concerns about higher inflation . And because the Federal Reserve has made clear that it expects the economy to slow in coming months as ripple effects from Asia reach the United States , investors disregarded the large jobs gains , betting that neither a rise in interest rates nor resurgent inflation is looming . ` ` The bottom line is that we 've got a lovely economy . ' ' With potential inflation counterbalanced by worries about possible price declines , the Fed and its chairman , Alan Greenspan , have suggested that they intend to keep interest rates unchanged until the economy tilts clearly in one direction or another . Lower rates have helped invigorate housing and other interest - sensitive sectors of the economy by making loans more affordable , and have allowed companies to continue investing heavily in more efficient equipment . President Clinton welcomed the job figures at a news conference Friday . The major harm from Asia is likely to come from the plunge in the value of many Asian currencies relative to the dollar , a situation that is expected to lead to a surge of inexpensive imports into the United States , hurting American competitors . For the first time , the Labor Department broke out unemployment by education level as well as gender , age and race . Among people with less than a high school education , the rate in January was 7.2 percent . Among high school graduates , the rate was 3.9 percent , and college graduates , 1.9 percent . 	answer: positive
event: The Bureau of Labor Statistics said the economy added 358,000 jobs last month , far above the 235,000 forecast by economists starts before the economy added 358,000 jobs last month far above the 235,000 forecast by economists story: The Bureau of Labor Statistics  said the economy  added 358,000 jobs last month , far above the 235,000 forecast by economists . But economists said the wage increase was not enough to raise any concerns about higher inflation . And because the Federal Reserve has made clear that it expects the economy to slow in coming months as ripple effects from Asia reach the United States , investors disregarded the large jobs gains , betting that neither a rise in interest rates nor resurgent inflation is looming . ` ` The bottom line is that we 've got a lovely economy . ' ' With potential inflation counterbalanced by worries about possible price declines , the Fed and its chairman , Alan Greenspan , have suggested that they intend to keep interest rates unchanged until the economy tilts clearly in one direction or another . Lower rates have helped invigorate housing and other interest - sensitive sectors of the economy by making loans more affordable , and have allowed companies to continue investing heavily in more efficient equipment . President Clinton welcomed the job figures at a news conference Friday . The major harm from Asia is likely to come from the plunge in the value of many Asian currencies relative to the dollar , a situation that is expected to lead to a surge of inexpensive imports into the United States , hurting American competitors . For the first time , the Labor Department broke out unemployment by education level as well as gender , age and race . Among people with less than a high school education , the rate in January was 7.2 percent . Among high school graduates , the rate was 3.9 percent , and college graduates , 1.9 percent . 	answer: negative
event: The only thing on Cuban television is Elian 's story she said starts after the Cuban people getting tired of the issue story: MIAMI _ But the opinion of the woman who runs the modest business , which sells everything from prescription drugs to chewing gum and toys , carries a lot of weight in this part of Miami . She is Fidel Castro 's younger sister , Juanita . Juanita Castro said . Juanita Castro , who arrived in Miami in 1961 , believes the custody of the child should be worked out between his family members . When asked if she thought the boy 's father , Juan Miguel Gonzalez , was being controlled by the Cuban government even though he has been in Bethesda , Md. , for the last week , she frowned . ` ` I do n't know what Juan Miguel thinks or believes , ' ' Juanita Castro said . ` ` What I do think is that he should have arrived in this country at least 72 hours after his son was found floating off the coast of Fort Lauderdale . ' ' ` ` This has gone too far . The only thing on Cuban television is Elian 's story , she  said , and she feels the Cuban people are  getting tired of the issue . Juanita Castro said . ` ` He talks and he decides . ' ' Juanita Castro said she has not visited the Miami relatives of Elian Gonzalez and has no plans to do so . Although she supports the cause of Miami 's Cubans in their struggle against her brother 's government , she said she prefers to keep a low profile when it comes to politics . ` ` And I also pray for this young boy every day because he needs help . 	answer: positive
event: The only thing on Cuban television is Elian 's story she said starts before the Cuban people getting tired of the issue story: MIAMI _ But the opinion of the woman who runs the modest business , which sells everything from prescription drugs to chewing gum and toys , carries a lot of weight in this part of Miami . She is Fidel Castro 's younger sister , Juanita . Juanita Castro said . Juanita Castro , who arrived in Miami in 1961 , believes the custody of the child should be worked out between his family members . When asked if she thought the boy 's father , Juan Miguel Gonzalez , was being controlled by the Cuban government even though he has been in Bethesda , Md. , for the last week , she frowned . ` ` I do n't know what Juan Miguel thinks or believes , ' ' Juanita Castro said . ` ` What I do think is that he should have arrived in this country at least 72 hours after his son was found floating off the coast of Fort Lauderdale . ' ' ` ` This has gone too far . The only thing on Cuban television is Elian 's story , she  said , and she feels the Cuban people are  getting tired of the issue . Juanita Castro said . ` ` He talks and he decides . ' ' Juanita Castro said she has not visited the Miami relatives of Elian Gonzalez and has no plans to do so . Although she supports the cause of Miami 's Cubans in their struggle against her brother 's government , she said she prefers to keep a low profile when it comes to politics . ` ` And I also pray for this young boy every day because he needs help . 	answer: negative
event: a distant relative who lives a more prosperous life starts before Every state court and every family court in the United States would award custody to a surviving parent rather than a distant relative who lives a more prosperous life said David Abraham , a professor at Miami Law School and expert in custody law story: _ A six - year - old boy who arrived on US shores as a motherless refugee and became a political symbol for anti - Castro exiles must be returned to his father in Cuba , immigration authorities ruled Wednesday . Faced with the choice of keeping Elian Gonzalez with relatives in Miami , where the boy has been wooed with American toys and theme - park visits , or returning him to his apparently distraught father in Havana , the Immigration and Naturalization Service decided the boy should go home by Jan. 14 , INS commissioner Doris Meissner told reporters . ' The decision was met with outrage by Cuban - Americans , who said the youngster will suffer under the repressive communist regime of Fidel Castro . Lawyers for the boy 's family in Miami sent letters of protest to Attorney General Janet Reno and President Clinton and said they were prepared to file a court appeal if Reno and Clinton spurn the Gonzalez family . Anti - Castro demonstrators thronged the street near the local INS office in Miami Wednesday , demanding that Elian be allowed to stay . ` ` But that little boy , by surviving two days on an inner tube , has earned the right to stay here in freedom . ' ' the U.S. Congress ' ' would still put up a fight to keep the boy . Eig complained . The INS offered three options : that Gonzalez come to pick up his son , that the family in Miami take him to Cuba , or that a ` ` third party ' ' escort the child to his homeland . Clinton told reporters in the Rose Garden Wednesday . 	answer: positive
event: a distant relative who lives a more prosperous life starts after Every state court and every family court in the United States would award custody to a surviving parent rather than a distant relative who lives a more prosperous life said David Abraham , a professor at Miami Law School and expert in custody law story: _ A six - year - old boy who arrived on US shores as a motherless refugee and became a political symbol for anti - Castro exiles must be returned to his father in Cuba , immigration authorities ruled Wednesday . Faced with the choice of keeping Elian Gonzalez with relatives in Miami , where the boy has been wooed with American toys and theme - park visits , or returning him to his apparently distraught father in Havana , the Immigration and Naturalization Service decided the boy should go home by Jan. 14 , INS commissioner Doris Meissner told reporters . ' The decision was met with outrage by Cuban - Americans , who said the youngster will suffer under the repressive communist regime of Fidel Castro . Lawyers for the boy 's family in Miami sent letters of protest to Attorney General Janet Reno and President Clinton and said they were prepared to file a court appeal if Reno and Clinton spurn the Gonzalez family . Anti - Castro demonstrators thronged the street near the local INS office in Miami Wednesday , demanding that Elian be allowed to stay . ` ` But that little boy , by surviving two days on an inner tube , has earned the right to stay here in freedom . ' ' the U.S. Congress ' ' would still put up a fight to keep the boy . Eig complained . The INS offered three options : that Gonzalez come to pick up his son , that the family in Miami take him to Cuba , or that a ` ` third party ' ' escort the child to his homeland . Clinton told reporters in the Rose Garden Wednesday . 	answer: negative
event: a swift transition to new management expected to avert an exodus of skilled workers from Waertsilae Marine 's two big shipyards starts after each injecting 100 million Finnish markkaa ( $ 23.5 million ) story: The Finnish government and major creditors of bankrupt shipyard Waertsilae Marine Industries Oy agreed in principle to form a new company to complete most of the troubled shipyard 's backlog of 15 ships . The new company will attempt to limit the shipyard 's losses , participants said . " The situation is that the bankruptcy court will get out of the shipbuilding business . Everything will be taken over by the new company , " said Christian Andersson , executive vice president of Oy Waertsilae , former parent of Waertsilae Marine . Once its ownership is finalized , the new company will open talks with state - appointed receivers to buy or lease Waertsilae Marine 's shipyard facilities . Subcontractors will be offered a settlement and a swift transition to new management is  expected to avert an exodus of skilled workers from Waertsilae Marine 's two big shipyards , government officials said . Under an accord signed yesterday , the government and Union Bank of Finland would become major shareholders in the new company , each  injecting 100 million Finnish markkaa ( $ 23.5 million ) . Oy Waertsilae is to contribute 200 million markkaa , most of it as subordinated debt , and take a minority stake in the new company . Customers holding contracts for Waertsilae Marine 's undelivered ships are expected to subscribe most of the remaining 170 million markkaa in share capital , government officials said . Waertsilae Marine 's biggest creditor is Miami - based Carnival Cruise Lines Inc. Carnival , which has three ships on order from Waertsilae Marine , presented claims for $ 1.5 billion damages in the bankruptcy court this week . Waertsilae Marine 's bankruptcy proceedings began Tuesday in a Helsinki court . 	answer: positive
event: a swift transition to new management expected to avert an exodus of skilled workers from Waertsilae Marine 's two big shipyards starts before each injecting 100 million Finnish markkaa ( $ 23.5 million ) story: The Finnish government and major creditors of bankrupt shipyard Waertsilae Marine Industries Oy agreed in principle to form a new company to complete most of the troubled shipyard 's backlog of 15 ships . The new company will attempt to limit the shipyard 's losses , participants said . " The situation is that the bankruptcy court will get out of the shipbuilding business . Everything will be taken over by the new company , " said Christian Andersson , executive vice president of Oy Waertsilae , former parent of Waertsilae Marine . Once its ownership is finalized , the new company will open talks with state - appointed receivers to buy or lease Waertsilae Marine 's shipyard facilities . Subcontractors will be offered a settlement and a swift transition to new management is  expected to avert an exodus of skilled workers from Waertsilae Marine 's two big shipyards , government officials said . Under an accord signed yesterday , the government and Union Bank of Finland would become major shareholders in the new company , each  injecting 100 million Finnish markkaa ( $ 23.5 million ) . Oy Waertsilae is to contribute 200 million markkaa , most of it as subordinated debt , and take a minority stake in the new company . Customers holding contracts for Waertsilae Marine 's undelivered ships are expected to subscribe most of the remaining 170 million markkaa in share capital , government officials said . Waertsilae Marine 's biggest creditor is Miami - based Carnival Cruise Lines Inc. Carnival , which has three ships on order from Waertsilae Marine , presented claims for $ 1.5 billion damages in the bankruptcy court this week . Waertsilae Marine 's bankruptcy proceedings began Tuesday in a Helsinki court . 	answer: negative
event: the conflicts and painful separations wrought by the Cuban revolution starts before five come to Miami while three remain in Cuba and one has passed away story: Reno denied the request , but Manuel Gonzalez did n't back down . Elian should be with his father . ' After weeks of high - profile public sparring _ with charges of abuse , spying and treachery flying back and forth across the Florida Straits _ it would seem the chances are slim that the Gonzalez family could ever heal the wounds created by the Elian saga . Her brother Delfin , who was imprisoned as an anti - Castro activist in the 1960s , followed in 1979 . Then came another sister , Georgina , in 1983 , followed by Manuel and Lazaro in 1984 . He worked as a police officer in a Cuban ministry , a position that probably helped his son _ Elian 's father _ get a job in the Communist island 's increasingly lucrative tourism industry . In desperate need of hard currency , Castro relaxed travel restrictions and allowed Cubans to have U.S. dollars , triggering a trickle of cash from Miami that soon became a flood . By some estimates , the 700,000 Cubans living in South Florida _ and elsewhere in the United States _ send $ 1 billion a year in remittances back to their families on the island . Prior to Elian , the Gonzalez family apparently was no different . His lawyer , however , insists he will continue to stand up for what he thinks is right . ` ` The wounds of the problem will heal , ' ' he told the Los Angeles Times newspaper . 	answer: positive
event: the conflicts and painful separations wrought by the Cuban revolution starts after five come to Miami while three remain in Cuba and one has passed away story: Reno denied the request , but Manuel Gonzalez did n't back down . Elian should be with his father . ' After weeks of high - profile public sparring _ with charges of abuse , spying and treachery flying back and forth across the Florida Straits _ it would seem the chances are slim that the Gonzalez family could ever heal the wounds created by the Elian saga . Her brother Delfin , who was imprisoned as an anti - Castro activist in the 1960s , followed in 1979 . Then came another sister , Georgina , in 1983 , followed by Manuel and Lazaro in 1984 . He worked as a police officer in a Cuban ministry , a position that probably helped his son _ Elian 's father _ get a job in the Communist island 's increasingly lucrative tourism industry . In desperate need of hard currency , Castro relaxed travel restrictions and allowed Cubans to have U.S. dollars , triggering a trickle of cash from Miami that soon became a flood . By some estimates , the 700,000 Cubans living in South Florida _ and elsewhere in the United States _ send $ 1 billion a year in remittances back to their families on the island . Prior to Elian , the Gonzalez family apparently was no different . His lawyer , however , insists he will continue to stand up for what he thinks is right . ` ` The wounds of the problem will heal , ' ' he told the Los Angeles Times newspaper . 	answer: negative
event: him a week withdraw fully starts before And when he and President Gorbachev spoke about the decision in a talk lasting nearly an hour the President took pains to listen to what his counterpart had to say although he already had decided that the Soviet alternative to the allied deadline was unacceptable story: The allied rejection of the last - minute Soviet - led diplomatic effort to avoid the ground war enabled Mr. Bush to seize the initiative from an Iraq seemingly bent on dictating peace terms . " Despite the early indications of success , the allied forces could still suffer greater casualties and become bogged down militarily , especially when they encounter the tough Republican Guard , which is entrenched along the Iraq - Kuwait border . Secretary of State James Baker said on ABC - TV 's " This Week With David Brinkley " that the series of United Nations resolutions condemning Iraq 's invasion of Kuwait " imply that the restoration of peace and stability in the Gulf would be a heck of a lot easier if he and that leadership were not in power in Iraq . U.S. and Kuwaiti officials say there are reports that large numbers of civilians from Kuwait City are being rounded up and held by Iraqi troops , apparently either for use as human shields or for use later in bargaining once the war is over . Then , a week or so ago , Gen. Schwarzkopf secretly picked Saturday night as the optimal time to start the offensive . Mr. Bush forestalled further diplomatic maneuvering by issuing an ultimatum on behalf of the allies demanding that Iraq withdraw within a week , starting at noon Saturday . Administration aides said that the idea of the ultimatum was Gen. Powell 's . U.S. Marines were said to have breached troublesome mine fields along the Iraqi lines but Pentagon officials said no amphibious assault on Kuwait 's beaches had begun . " For me , it is a great tragedy . 	answer: positive
event: him a week withdraw fully starts after And when he and President Gorbachev spoke about the decision in a talk lasting nearly an hour the President took pains to listen to what his counterpart had to say although he already had decided that the Soviet alternative to the allied deadline was unacceptable story: The allied rejection of the last - minute Soviet - led diplomatic effort to avoid the ground war enabled Mr. Bush to seize the initiative from an Iraq seemingly bent on dictating peace terms . " Despite the early indications of success , the allied forces could still suffer greater casualties and become bogged down militarily , especially when they encounter the tough Republican Guard , which is entrenched along the Iraq - Kuwait border . Secretary of State James Baker said on ABC - TV 's " This Week With David Brinkley " that the series of United Nations resolutions condemning Iraq 's invasion of Kuwait " imply that the restoration of peace and stability in the Gulf would be a heck of a lot easier if he and that leadership were not in power in Iraq . U.S. and Kuwaiti officials say there are reports that large numbers of civilians from Kuwait City are being rounded up and held by Iraqi troops , apparently either for use as human shields or for use later in bargaining once the war is over . Then , a week or so ago , Gen. Schwarzkopf secretly picked Saturday night as the optimal time to start the offensive . Mr. Bush forestalled further diplomatic maneuvering by issuing an ultimatum on behalf of the allies demanding that Iraq withdraw within a week , starting at noon Saturday . Administration aides said that the idea of the ultimatum was Gen. Powell 's . U.S. Marines were said to have breached troublesome mine fields along the Iraqi lines but Pentagon officials said no amphibious assault on Kuwait 's beaches had begun . " For me , it is a great tragedy . 	answer: negative
event: touring Tanzanian capital Dar es Salaam Thursday the FBI chief starts before After touring Tanzanian capital Dar es Salaam Thursday and meeting with Kenyan police leaders Friday morning the FBI chief also said that he is very satisfied with the close and effective cooperation among the FBI agents and the police in Kenya and Tanzania story: NAIROBI , August 21 ( Xinhua ) Louis Freeh said here Friday that U.S. air raid on Afghanistan and Sudan is not directly linked with the probe into the August 7 bombings in east Africa . " This is an investigation proceeding on many fronts , " said Freeh at a press conference at the Jomo Kenyatta airport before returning home . " I can not detail or characterize the type of evidence we have gathered in Nairobi . " He said he can not confirm there is any evidence linking the bomb blasts at the U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania to the Saudi millionaire and the allegedly main sponsor of anti - U.S. terrorism , Osama Bin Laden , who now lives in Afghanistan . U.S. President Bill Clinton said Thursday that he had ordered the strikes after receiving " convincing evidence " that the terrorist facilities the U.S. raided in Sudan and Afghanistan had played key roles in the bomb attacks in capitals of Kenya and Tanzania . After  touring Tanzanian capital Dar es Salaam Thursday and meeting with Kenyan police leaders Friday morning , the FBI chief also  said that he is very satisfied with the close and effective cooperation among the FBI agents and the police in Kenya and Tanzania . Local sources said that the plan of bombing U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania took three months to complete and bombers destined for Kenya were dispatched through Somalia and Rwanda . A nearly simultaneous car bombing outside the U.S. embassy in Tanzania killed 10 people and wounded about 70 others . 	answer: positive
event: touring Tanzanian capital Dar es Salaam Thursday the FBI chief starts after After touring Tanzanian capital Dar es Salaam Thursday and meeting with Kenyan police leaders Friday morning the FBI chief also said that he is very satisfied with the close and effective cooperation among the FBI agents and the police in Kenya and Tanzania story: NAIROBI , August 21 ( Xinhua ) Louis Freeh said here Friday that U.S. air raid on Afghanistan and Sudan is not directly linked with the probe into the August 7 bombings in east Africa . " This is an investigation proceeding on many fronts , " said Freeh at a press conference at the Jomo Kenyatta airport before returning home . " I can not detail or characterize the type of evidence we have gathered in Nairobi . " He said he can not confirm there is any evidence linking the bomb blasts at the U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania to the Saudi millionaire and the allegedly main sponsor of anti - U.S. terrorism , Osama Bin Laden , who now lives in Afghanistan . U.S. President Bill Clinton said Thursday that he had ordered the strikes after receiving " convincing evidence " that the terrorist facilities the U.S. raided in Sudan and Afghanistan had played key roles in the bomb attacks in capitals of Kenya and Tanzania . After  touring Tanzanian capital Dar es Salaam Thursday and meeting with Kenyan police leaders Friday morning , the FBI chief also  said that he is very satisfied with the close and effective cooperation among the FBI agents and the police in Kenya and Tanzania . Local sources said that the plan of bombing U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania took three months to complete and bombers destined for Kenya were dispatched through Somalia and Rwanda . A nearly simultaneous car bombing outside the U.S. embassy in Tanzania killed 10 people and wounded about 70 others . 	answer: negative
event: Juan Miguel Gonzalez mistreated his son in telephone conversations starts before the boy would turned to his father once the Cuban group arrives in the United States story: But Miami 's volatile Cuban exiles continued to vow they would block any attempt to take Elian from the Little Havana home where he has been living with his Miami relatives , with some predicting bloodshed if federal agents come for the boy . ` ` We 'll try to do it peacefully , but you can only do so much . Federal officials made no immediate comment . He was found floating in an inner - tube off the Florida coast on Thanksgiving Day after a boat carrying him from Cuba sank . His mother and 10 other people drowned . In January , Immigration and Naturalization Service Commissioner Doris Meissner ruled that Elian should go back to Cuba , a decision upheld by U.S. Attorney General Janet Reno . The Miami relatives filed a federal lawsuit to overturn the decision , but in March a Miami federal judge ruled against them . They immediately appealed to the 11th Circuit Court of Appeals in Atlanta . Last week , federal officials sought to have the family must sign an agreement to turn the boy over voluntarily should they lose their appeal . Previously , Gonzalez had said he would never come here to get his son . Moves to keep Elian in this country through federal legislation appear to be stymied , as most lawmakers seem to agree the boy should go back to Cuba . But in Miami , Cuban exiles insist the majority of Americans do n't understand the dynamics of life in Cuba . 	answer: positive
event: Juan Miguel Gonzalez mistreated his son in telephone conversations starts after the boy would turned to his father once the Cuban group arrives in the United States story: But Miami 's volatile Cuban exiles continued to vow they would block any attempt to take Elian from the Little Havana home where he has been living with his Miami relatives , with some predicting bloodshed if federal agents come for the boy . ` ` We 'll try to do it peacefully , but you can only do so much . Federal officials made no immediate comment . He was found floating in an inner - tube off the Florida coast on Thanksgiving Day after a boat carrying him from Cuba sank . His mother and 10 other people drowned . In January , Immigration and Naturalization Service Commissioner Doris Meissner ruled that Elian should go back to Cuba , a decision upheld by U.S. Attorney General Janet Reno . The Miami relatives filed a federal lawsuit to overturn the decision , but in March a Miami federal judge ruled against them . They immediately appealed to the 11th Circuit Court of Appeals in Atlanta . Last week , federal officials sought to have the family must sign an agreement to turn the boy over voluntarily should they lose their appeal . Previously , Gonzalez had said he would never come here to get his son . Moves to keep Elian in this country through federal legislation appear to be stymied , as most lawmakers seem to agree the boy should go back to Cuba . But in Miami , Cuban exiles insist the majority of Americans do n't understand the dynamics of life in Cuba . 	answer: negative
event: President Fidel Castro said Friday she had been ` ` practically kidnapped ' ' by the boyfriend who perished along with her on the boat wreck her 6-year - old son survived starts after she practically kidnapped by the boyfriend who perished along with her on the boat wreck her 6-year - old son survived story: According to sources quoted by the Miami Herald , Munero had fled to Florida in June 1998 and returned to Cuba later that year , only to be jailed for several months . The Cuban leader said Elian had been especially loved by his parents because the mother had earlier suffered seven miscarriages . The commemorations were similar to those held here annually for Marti , the revolutionary and poet who fought for Cuba 's independence from Spain in 1898 . Similar events were held all day in the capital and across the island . His mother and 10 others died at sea while trying to reach the United States . For the past two months , Elian 's father has demanded that the boy be returned to him in Cuba , and the U.S. government has said that father and son should be reunited . Fla. Sister Jeanne O'Laughlin said after the meeting she thought Elian should stay in the United States . ` ` First Fruits of the Monstrousness , ' ' read the full - page editorial on the front of Friday 's edition of the Communist Party daily Granma . It offered more details and criticisms of the perceived treatment that Elian 's grandmothers , Mariela Quintana and Raquel Rodriguez , received from O'Laughlin , the Miami relatives and other anti - Castro Cubans during the encounter . In an interview with the Spanish language broadcast of CNN , Elian 's father also criticized how the meeting was handled . ` ` They are not going to buy me , ' ' said Juan Miguel Gonzalez . ` ` What is important for me is that they return the boy to me as soon as possible . ' 	answer: positive
event: President Fidel Castro said Friday she had been ` ` practically kidnapped ' ' by the boyfriend who perished along with her on the boat wreck her 6-year - old son survived starts before she practically kidnapped by the boyfriend who perished along with her on the boat wreck her 6-year - old son survived story: According to sources quoted by the Miami Herald , Munero had fled to Florida in June 1998 and returned to Cuba later that year , only to be jailed for several months . The Cuban leader said Elian had been especially loved by his parents because the mother had earlier suffered seven miscarriages . The commemorations were similar to those held here annually for Marti , the revolutionary and poet who fought for Cuba 's independence from Spain in 1898 . Similar events were held all day in the capital and across the island . His mother and 10 others died at sea while trying to reach the United States . For the past two months , Elian 's father has demanded that the boy be returned to him in Cuba , and the U.S. government has said that father and son should be reunited . Fla. Sister Jeanne O'Laughlin said after the meeting she thought Elian should stay in the United States . ` ` First Fruits of the Monstrousness , ' ' read the full - page editorial on the front of Friday 's edition of the Communist Party daily Granma . It offered more details and criticisms of the perceived treatment that Elian 's grandmothers , Mariela Quintana and Raquel Rodriguez , received from O'Laughlin , the Miami relatives and other anti - Castro Cubans during the encounter . In an interview with the Spanish language broadcast of CNN , Elian 's father also criticized how the meeting was handled . ` ` They are not going to buy me , ' ' said Juan Miguel Gonzalez . ` ` What is important for me is that they return the boy to me as soon as possible . ' 	answer: negative
event: a bomb went off at the embassy in Tanzania at the same time starts before ` You can see a huge crater behind the building , and a bomb went off at the embassy in Tanzania at the same time he said story: NAIROBI , Kenya ( AP ) _ Suspected bombs exploded outside the U.S. embassies in the Kenyan and Tanzanian capitals Friday , killing dozens of people , witnesses said . The American ambassador to Kenya was among hundreds injured , a local TV said . ` ` It was definitely a bomb , ' ' said a U.S. Embassy official in Nairobi , who refused to identify himself . ` ` You can see a huge crater behind the building , and a bomb  went off at the embassy in Tanzania at the same time , ' ' he  said . 	answer: positive
event: a bomb went off at the embassy in Tanzania at the same time starts after ` You can see a huge crater behind the building , and a bomb went off at the embassy in Tanzania at the same time he said story: NAIROBI , Kenya ( AP ) _ Suspected bombs exploded outside the U.S. embassies in the Kenyan and Tanzanian capitals Friday , killing dozens of people , witnesses said . The American ambassador to Kenya was among hundreds injured , a local TV said . ` ` It was definitely a bomb , ' ' said a U.S. Embassy official in Nairobi , who refused to identify himself . ` ` You can see a huge crater behind the building , and a bomb  went off at the embassy in Tanzania at the same time , ' ' he  said . 	answer: negative
event: new applications which add value to people 's lives starts after In the business world the Internet - through intranet and extranet solutions - become an invaluable tool for companies to harness so as to gain a competitive edge story: The Internet , the global network of computers , is now far reaching into the country - extending its embrace to include every nook and cranny of the nation - opening doors to not only a diverse range of information sources but also an exhaustive list of possibilities to create new applications which  add value to people 's lives . In the business world , the Internet - through intranet and extranet solutions - has  become an invaluable tool for companies to harness so as to gain a competitive edge . The application will create the necessary framework and infrastructure to support electronic commerce ( e - commerce ) initiatives in the country . However , it is important to note that installing or implementing Internet technologies for technology 's sake would not ensure instant success . When strategically implemented , an intranet solution will provide the ability to mediate mission - critical , decision support functions in organisations . It will also help further improve communications and collaboration at all levels in an organisation . With intranets in place , it is only logical for organisations to respectively link the network to other companies ' for extended business purposes through extranets . ` ` Smart homes ' ' have emerged bringing a wealth of information and entertainment to families over telecommunications lines . The art of socialising is also experiencing a change where Net / virtual relationships are fast overtaking or becoming parallel with the normal human relationships . Whether this would prove positive or otherwise towards society in the future is yet to be seen . However , its value and benefits are only as good as how we use it . 	answer: positive
event: new applications which add value to people 's lives starts before In the business world the Internet - through intranet and extranet solutions - become an invaluable tool for companies to harness so as to gain a competitive edge story: The Internet , the global network of computers , is now far reaching into the country - extending its embrace to include every nook and cranny of the nation - opening doors to not only a diverse range of information sources but also an exhaustive list of possibilities to create new applications which  add value to people 's lives . In the business world , the Internet - through intranet and extranet solutions - has  become an invaluable tool for companies to harness so as to gain a competitive edge . The application will create the necessary framework and infrastructure to support electronic commerce ( e - commerce ) initiatives in the country . However , it is important to note that installing or implementing Internet technologies for technology 's sake would not ensure instant success . When strategically implemented , an intranet solution will provide the ability to mediate mission - critical , decision support functions in organisations . It will also help further improve communications and collaboration at all levels in an organisation . With intranets in place , it is only logical for organisations to respectively link the network to other companies ' for extended business purposes through extranets . ` ` Smart homes ' ' have emerged bringing a wealth of information and entertainment to families over telecommunications lines . The art of socialising is also experiencing a change where Net / virtual relationships are fast overtaking or becoming parallel with the normal human relationships . Whether this would prove positive or otherwise towards society in the future is yet to be seen . However , its value and benefits are only as good as how we use it . 	answer: negative
event: Last April Mr. Drabinsky and a group of financial backers planned to acquire up to 30.2 % of Cineplex for C$ 17.50 a share from Bronfman associates starts before the purchase subsequently rejected by regulators story: Cineplex Odeon Corp. directors said the company 's chairman and chief executive , Garth Drabinsky , is considering bidding 780.6 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 666 million ) to acquire the company . The board said Mr. Drabinsky and Vice Chairman Myron Gottlieb are negotiating financing before offering C$ 16.40 a share to acquire all of Cineplex 's shares outstanding . The directors added that the two executives have n't reached a final decision to proceed with a bid and that until an offer is made the board will continue seeking higher offers from other bidders . Ms. Kolber said the committee had received other bids . " All this has really established is that MCA and the Bronfmans have agreed on a price at which they can be bought out , " said Jeffery Logsdon , an analyst with Crowell , Weedon in Los Angeles . " Mr. Drabinsky , who would have had the right to vote those shares for two years , said the purchase , subsequently  rejected by regulators , was aimed at consolidating his control of the company . The directors did n't indicate the source of financing for Mr. Drabinsky 's new proposal , but said MCA and the Bronfman associates agreed in principle to buy for $ 57 million and then lease back to Cineplex its 18-screen theater complex in Universal City , Calif. , if Mr. Drabinsky succeeds in an offer . This is being done at the suggestion of { Mr. Drabinsky } and to accommodate him , to facilitate his financing arrangements , " Ms. Kolber said . " 	answer: positive
event: Last April Mr. Drabinsky and a group of financial backers planned to acquire up to 30.2 % of Cineplex for C$ 17.50 a share from Bronfman associates starts after the purchase subsequently rejected by regulators story: Cineplex Odeon Corp. directors said the company 's chairman and chief executive , Garth Drabinsky , is considering bidding 780.6 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 666 million ) to acquire the company . The board said Mr. Drabinsky and Vice Chairman Myron Gottlieb are negotiating financing before offering C$ 16.40 a share to acquire all of Cineplex 's shares outstanding . The directors added that the two executives have n't reached a final decision to proceed with a bid and that until an offer is made the board will continue seeking higher offers from other bidders . Ms. Kolber said the committee had received other bids . " All this has really established is that MCA and the Bronfmans have agreed on a price at which they can be bought out , " said Jeffery Logsdon , an analyst with Crowell , Weedon in Los Angeles . " Mr. Drabinsky , who would have had the right to vote those shares for two years , said the purchase , subsequently  rejected by regulators , was aimed at consolidating his control of the company . The directors did n't indicate the source of financing for Mr. Drabinsky 's new proposal , but said MCA and the Bronfman associates agreed in principle to buy for $ 57 million and then lease back to Cineplex its 18-screen theater complex in Universal City , Calif. , if Mr. Drabinsky succeeds in an offer . This is being done at the suggestion of { Mr. Drabinsky } and to accommodate him , to facilitate his financing arrangements , " Ms. Kolber said . " 	answer: negative
event: By mid afternoon official Serb sources saying the operation was over starts after where the whole attack thought to have been planned story: For The World , this is Pamela McCall in the BBC news room in London . More heavy gunfire in the Serbian province of Kosovo . It 's the second day of an offensive by the security forces against villages populated by ethnic Albanians . BBC correspondent Karyn Coleman reports from Kosovo . There were more accounts of people fleeing from the villages near where the offensive was taking place . They were too afraid to stay , fearing the forces may also move their operations further afield . By mid afternoon , official Serb sources were  saying the operation was over , but that has not yet been confirmed from Belgrade , the capital of Serbia , which is where the whole attack is  thought to have been planned . The ethnic Albanians here in Kosovo are considerably worried about the future and fear they are witnessing the beginnings of a much wider conflict . Karyn Coleman , BBC news , Pristina . 	answer: positive
event: By mid afternoon official Serb sources saying the operation was over starts before where the whole attack thought to have been planned story: For The World , this is Pamela McCall in the BBC news room in London . More heavy gunfire in the Serbian province of Kosovo . It 's the second day of an offensive by the security forces against villages populated by ethnic Albanians . BBC correspondent Karyn Coleman reports from Kosovo . There were more accounts of people fleeing from the villages near where the offensive was taking place . They were too afraid to stay , fearing the forces may also move their operations further afield . By mid afternoon , official Serb sources were  saying the operation was over , but that has not yet been confirmed from Belgrade , the capital of Serbia , which is where the whole attack is  thought to have been planned . The ethnic Albanians here in Kosovo are considerably worried about the future and fear they are witnessing the beginnings of a much wider conflict . Karyn Coleman , BBC news , Pristina . 	answer: negative
event: Iraq agreed to allow all 880 Soviets in Kuwait to leave , but only by a 1,200-mile road route through Iraq and to the Iraq - Jordan border starts before all 880 Soviets in Kuwait leave but only by a 1,200-mile road route through Iraq and to the Iraq - Jordan border story: The U.S. military buildup in Saudi Arabia continued at fever pace , with Syrian troops now part of a multinational force camped out in the desert to guard the Saudi kingdom from any new thrust by Iraq . In a letter to President Hashemi Rafsanjani of Iran , read by a broadcaster over Baghdad radio , Saddam said he will begin withdrawing troops from Iranian territory on Friday and release Iranian prisoners of war . Saddam appeared to accept a border demarcation treaty he had rejected in peace talks following the August 1988 cease - fire of the eight - year war with Iran . The British Foreign Office said today conditions in Kuwait appear to be deteriorating . A steep rise in world oil prices followed the Kuwait invasion . The size of the contingent was not disclosed . Turkey and Saudi Arabia in effect shut down Iraq 's major oil outlets through those countries , but according to Jordanian officials , a smaller line into Jordan remained operating . Truckloads of goods rolled into Iraq from Jordan on Tuesday and Iraqi - bound cargo was unloaded from ships at the Red Sea port ofAqaba despite the U.N.-ordered sanctions . _ at least until economic sanctions force Saddam to withdraw his army . The United States has provided most of the naval vessels so far to block Iraqi trade , with Britain , West Germany and Australia among the other nations lending support at sea . Bush told a news conference on Tuesday that the naval barricade now in force might be extended to Jordan 's Aqaba ` ` if it is a hole through which commerce flows ' ' in and out of Iraq . Iraq boasts an army of 1 million members . 	answer: positive
event: Iraq agreed to allow all 880 Soviets in Kuwait to leave , but only by a 1,200-mile road route through Iraq and to the Iraq - Jordan border starts after all 880 Soviets in Kuwait leave but only by a 1,200-mile road route through Iraq and to the Iraq - Jordan border story: The U.S. military buildup in Saudi Arabia continued at fever pace , with Syrian troops now part of a multinational force camped out in the desert to guard the Saudi kingdom from any new thrust by Iraq . In a letter to President Hashemi Rafsanjani of Iran , read by a broadcaster over Baghdad radio , Saddam said he will begin withdrawing troops from Iranian territory on Friday and release Iranian prisoners of war . Saddam appeared to accept a border demarcation treaty he had rejected in peace talks following the August 1988 cease - fire of the eight - year war with Iran . The British Foreign Office said today conditions in Kuwait appear to be deteriorating . A steep rise in world oil prices followed the Kuwait invasion . The size of the contingent was not disclosed . Turkey and Saudi Arabia in effect shut down Iraq 's major oil outlets through those countries , but according to Jordanian officials , a smaller line into Jordan remained operating . Truckloads of goods rolled into Iraq from Jordan on Tuesday and Iraqi - bound cargo was unloaded from ships at the Red Sea port ofAqaba despite the U.N.-ordered sanctions . _ at least until economic sanctions force Saddam to withdraw his army . The United States has provided most of the naval vessels so far to block Iraqi trade , with Britain , West Germany and Australia among the other nations lending support at sea . Bush told a news conference on Tuesday that the naval barricade now in force might be extended to Jordan 's Aqaba ` ` if it is a hole through which commerce flows ' ' in and out of Iraq . Iraq boasts an army of 1 million members . 	answer: negative
event: unsecured creditors who owed about $ 430 million starts before In addition they will receive stock in the reorganized company , which will be named story: Coleco Industries Inc. , a once high - flying toy maker whose stock peaked at $ 65 a share in the early 1980s , filed a Chapter 11 reorganization plan that provides just 1.125 cents a share for common stockholders . Under the plan , unsecured creditors , who are  owed about $ 430 million , would receive about $ 92 million , or 21 cents for each dollar they are owed . In addition , they will  receive stock in the reorganized company , which will be named Ranger Industries Inc. After these payments , about $ 225,000 will be available for the 20 million common shares outstanding . The Avon , Conn. , company 's stock hit a high in 1983 after it unveiled its Adam home computer , but the product was plagued with glitches and the company 's fortunes plunged . But Coleco bounced back with the introduction of the Cabbage Patch dolls , whose sales hit $ 600 million in 1985 . But as the craze died , Coleco failed to come up with another winner and filed for bankruptcy - law protection in July 1988 . The plan was filed jointly with unsecured creditors in federal bankruptcy court in New York and must be approved by the court . 	answer: positive
event: unsecured creditors who owed about $ 430 million starts after In addition they will receive stock in the reorganized company , which will be named story: Coleco Industries Inc. , a once high - flying toy maker whose stock peaked at $ 65 a share in the early 1980s , filed a Chapter 11 reorganization plan that provides just 1.125 cents a share for common stockholders . Under the plan , unsecured creditors , who are  owed about $ 430 million , would receive about $ 92 million , or 21 cents for each dollar they are owed . In addition , they will  receive stock in the reorganized company , which will be named Ranger Industries Inc. After these payments , about $ 225,000 will be available for the 20 million common shares outstanding . The Avon , Conn. , company 's stock hit a high in 1983 after it unveiled its Adam home computer , but the product was plagued with glitches and the company 's fortunes plunged . But Coleco bounced back with the introduction of the Cabbage Patch dolls , whose sales hit $ 600 million in 1985 . But as the craze died , Coleco failed to come up with another winner and filed for bankruptcy - law protection in July 1988 . The plan was filed jointly with unsecured creditors in federal bankruptcy court in New York and must be approved by the court . 	answer: negative
event: Even before the killing Schumer tyring to draw more attention to the anti - abortion record of his opponent , Senator Alfonse D'Amato , a Republican who is also running on the Right to Life Party line starts before In a New York Times / CBS News poll completed on Saturday only 19 percent knew that he opposed abortion rights story: In the race for attorney general , the Democratic candidate , Eliot Spitzer , who favors abortion rights , has moved quickly to make the anti - abortion position of his opponent , Attorney General Dennis Vacco , a central issue in the campaign . And in the tight race for U.S. Senate , while the Democrat , Charles Schumer , another abortion - rights supporter , has not raised Slepian 's death himself , his aides say it puts a new emphasis on the issue . No suspects have been identified . Even before the killing , Schumer was  tyring to draw more attention to the anti - abortion record of his opponent , Senator Alfonse D'Amato , a Republican who is also running on the Right to Life Party line . The advertisement , said Kelli Conlin , the executive director of the New York State affiliate of Naral , is intended to spotlight D'Amato 's vote against the 1994 Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act , which Schumer sponsored . ` ` It 's incredibly sincere and powerful and it would have been regardless , ' ' she said . It was the same clinic where Slepian worked . Spitzer also criticized Vacco for dismantling the Office of Reproductive Rights , which investigated threats and crimes against abortion clinics , when he became attorney general . Several consultants agreed that there might be political hay to be made in Slepian 's death but that it had to be done carefully . 	answer: positive
event: Even before the killing Schumer tyring to draw more attention to the anti - abortion record of his opponent , Senator Alfonse D'Amato , a Republican who is also running on the Right to Life Party line starts after In a New York Times / CBS News poll completed on Saturday only 19 percent knew that he opposed abortion rights story: In the race for attorney general , the Democratic candidate , Eliot Spitzer , who favors abortion rights , has moved quickly to make the anti - abortion position of his opponent , Attorney General Dennis Vacco , a central issue in the campaign . And in the tight race for U.S. Senate , while the Democrat , Charles Schumer , another abortion - rights supporter , has not raised Slepian 's death himself , his aides say it puts a new emphasis on the issue . No suspects have been identified . Even before the killing , Schumer was  tyring to draw more attention to the anti - abortion record of his opponent , Senator Alfonse D'Amato , a Republican who is also running on the Right to Life Party line . The advertisement , said Kelli Conlin , the executive director of the New York State affiliate of Naral , is intended to spotlight D'Amato 's vote against the 1994 Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act , which Schumer sponsored . ` ` It 's incredibly sincere and powerful and it would have been regardless , ' ' she said . It was the same clinic where Slepian worked . Spitzer also criticized Vacco for dismantling the Office of Reproductive Rights , which investigated threats and crimes against abortion clinics , when he became attorney general . Several consultants agreed that there might be political hay to be made in Slepian 's death but that it had to be done carefully . 	answer: negative
event: a Jerusalem - born Jordanian who has an American wife and a doctorate in political science from Duke University starts before Now we see that edge eroded story: Similarly , while cautioning about the uncertainty of early battle reports , White House spokesman Marlin Fitzwater said late yesterday that " the operation has been very successful . I think the Gorbachev plan was a good one . " " All Iraqis , fight them with all the power you have , and all struggle for everything . There are likely to be additional American prisoners of war taken , and there are signs that President Hussein is taking Kuwaiti hostages . President Bush 's political argument for going to a ground war has been strengthened by the growing stream of reports of wanton Iraqi destruction inside Kuwait . The president and his top aides tentatively decided on Feb. 11 that a ground war would be necessary . He argued setting an explicit deadline for Saddam Hussein to break would , when it was broken , give the U.S. military a clear green light to proceed . In setting out his final challenge to Saddam Hussein , Mr. Bush continued the intensive personal diplomacy he began after the invasion last August . U.S. commanders said 5,500 Iraqi prisoners were taken in the first hours of the ground war , though some military officials later said the total may have climbed above 8,000 . Despite the lack of any obvious successors , the Iraqi leader 's internal power base appeared to be narrowing even before the war began . And the U.S. now will face sharper questions in the Arab world since it did n't back the peace proposals worked out in Moscow . For me , it is a great tragedy . 	answer: positive
event: a Jerusalem - born Jordanian who has an American wife and a doctorate in political science from Duke University starts after Now we see that edge eroded story: Similarly , while cautioning about the uncertainty of early battle reports , White House spokesman Marlin Fitzwater said late yesterday that " the operation has been very successful . I think the Gorbachev plan was a good one . " " All Iraqis , fight them with all the power you have , and all struggle for everything . There are likely to be additional American prisoners of war taken , and there are signs that President Hussein is taking Kuwaiti hostages . President Bush 's political argument for going to a ground war has been strengthened by the growing stream of reports of wanton Iraqi destruction inside Kuwait . The president and his top aides tentatively decided on Feb. 11 that a ground war would be necessary . He argued setting an explicit deadline for Saddam Hussein to break would , when it was broken , give the U.S. military a clear green light to proceed . In setting out his final challenge to Saddam Hussein , Mr. Bush continued the intensive personal diplomacy he began after the invasion last August . U.S. commanders said 5,500 Iraqi prisoners were taken in the first hours of the ground war , though some military officials later said the total may have climbed above 8,000 . Despite the lack of any obvious successors , the Iraqi leader 's internal power base appeared to be narrowing even before the war began . And the U.S. now will face sharper questions in the Arab world since it did n't back the peace proposals worked out in Moscow . For me , it is a great tragedy . 	answer: negative
event: Earlier Friday lawyers filed a petition on behalf of Elian 's great - uncle , Lazaro Gonzalez starts before said David Abraham , an immigration law professor at the University of Miami story: But in Cuba , Elian 's father was angry about Burton 's subpoena . He is no one . Burton , the committee 's chairman , said in a release he ` ` issued a subpoena to Elian Gonzalez to ensure that no precipitous action is taken until the Florida State court in Miami can adequately address the Gonzalez case . ' ' In Cuba , meanwhile , tens of thousands of people rallied in a seaside plaza Friday night to demand his return . ` ` Elian , Cardenas awaits you ... with kisses , ' ' a Cuban country music band sang . Gov. Jeb Bush also asked President Clinton to reverse the INS order . Reno said she is considering the issues raised in the meeting and the state court action . ` ` I believe they followed the law , ' ' However , the Cuban exile community called for more civil disobedience . Protesters planned a large demonstration in Little Havana on Saturday and were planning to drive around Miami International Airport on Monday . ` ` If the child is sent back to Cuba without his day in court , all hell is going to break loose , ' ' said Jose Basulto , founder of Brothers to the Rescue , an anti - Castro group . During the day Friday , Elian played in his relatives ' yard with a puppy named Dolphin , a gift from Rep. Lincoln Diaz - Balart , R - Fla . He said Elian wants his family to come here . 	answer: positive
event: Earlier Friday lawyers filed a petition on behalf of Elian 's great - uncle , Lazaro Gonzalez starts after said David Abraham , an immigration law professor at the University of Miami story: But in Cuba , Elian 's father was angry about Burton 's subpoena . He is no one . Burton , the committee 's chairman , said in a release he ` ` issued a subpoena to Elian Gonzalez to ensure that no precipitous action is taken until the Florida State court in Miami can adequately address the Gonzalez case . ' ' In Cuba , meanwhile , tens of thousands of people rallied in a seaside plaza Friday night to demand his return . ` ` Elian , Cardenas awaits you ... with kisses , ' ' a Cuban country music band sang . Gov. Jeb Bush also asked President Clinton to reverse the INS order . Reno said she is considering the issues raised in the meeting and the state court action . ` ` I believe they followed the law , ' ' However , the Cuban exile community called for more civil disobedience . Protesters planned a large demonstration in Little Havana on Saturday and were planning to drive around Miami International Airport on Monday . ` ` If the child is sent back to Cuba without his day in court , all hell is going to break loose , ' ' said Jose Basulto , founder of Brothers to the Rescue , an anti - Castro group . During the day Friday , Elian played in his relatives ' yard with a puppy named Dolphin , a gift from Rep. Lincoln Diaz - Balart , R - Fla . He said Elian wants his family to come here . 	answer: negative
event: Albright who fled just after the Communist takeover in 1948 starts before To quote an old Central European expression , ` Hallelujah she said story: The North Atlantic Treaty Organization embraced three of its former rivals , the Czech Republic , Hungary and Poland on Friday , formally ending the Soviet domination of those nations that began after World War II and opening a new path for the military alliance . In Hungary , NATO members ' flags were raised outside the Defense Ministry . And in Prague , Czech Republic , President Vaclav Havel said in a statement , ` ` Never have we been part of such a broad , solid and binding security alliance which at the same time respects in its essence the sovereignty and will of our nation . ' ' Albright also used her speech to articulate a forward - looking vision for NATO , which will celebrate its 50th anniversary in Washington next month , and to defend NATO 's potential involvement in Kosovo . The NATO summit , she said , would produce an initiative that ` ` responds to the grave threat posed by weapons of mass destruction and their means of delivery . ' ' ` ` Accession to NATO is a guarantee that we will never again become powerless victims of any foreign aggression , ' ' Kavan said . ` ` We shall prove that new members can indeed add to the weight of the alliance , ' ' he said . The Clinton administration embarked on the expansion of NATO in 1993 after Clinton met in Washington with President Havel and Lech Walesa , who was then the president of Poland . Poland has been sensitive to the reactions of Russia to its membership of NATO , and Geremek has gone out of his way to reassure the Russians . 	answer: positive
event: Albright who fled just after the Communist takeover in 1948 starts after To quote an old Central European expression , ` Hallelujah she said story: The North Atlantic Treaty Organization embraced three of its former rivals , the Czech Republic , Hungary and Poland on Friday , formally ending the Soviet domination of those nations that began after World War II and opening a new path for the military alliance . In Hungary , NATO members ' flags were raised outside the Defense Ministry . And in Prague , Czech Republic , President Vaclav Havel said in a statement , ` ` Never have we been part of such a broad , solid and binding security alliance which at the same time respects in its essence the sovereignty and will of our nation . ' ' Albright also used her speech to articulate a forward - looking vision for NATO , which will celebrate its 50th anniversary in Washington next month , and to defend NATO 's potential involvement in Kosovo . The NATO summit , she said , would produce an initiative that ` ` responds to the grave threat posed by weapons of mass destruction and their means of delivery . ' ' ` ` Accession to NATO is a guarantee that we will never again become powerless victims of any foreign aggression , ' ' Kavan said . ` ` We shall prove that new members can indeed add to the weight of the alliance , ' ' he said . The Clinton administration embarked on the expansion of NATO in 1993 after Clinton met in Washington with President Havel and Lech Walesa , who was then the president of Poland . Poland has been sensitive to the reactions of Russia to its membership of NATO , and Geremek has gone out of his way to reassure the Russians . 	answer: negative
event: Last year the company earned $ 480.4 million , or $ 3.90 a share , on sales of $ 4.3 billion starts before expected story: The oat - bran craze has cost the world 's largest cereal maker market share . But the Memphis , Tenn. , facility was n't to begin turning out product until 1993 , so the decision may reveal a more pessimistic long - term outlook as well . Each share point is worth about $ 60 million in sales . " " They are not a happy group of people at Battle Creek right now . Another analyst , John C. Maxwell Jr. of Wheat , First Securities in Richmond , Va. , recently went to a " sell " recommendation on Kellogg stock , which closed Friday at $ 71.75 , down 75 cents , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . " People are reading the boxes and deciding they want something that 's ` healthy ' for you -- oats , bran . " Mr. Maxwell said he would n't be surprised if , over the next two years or so , General Mills ' share increased to 30 % or more . He said construction would n't resume until market conditions warrant it . A Kellogg officer , who asked not to be named , said the Memphis project was " pulled in for a reconsideration of costs , " an indication that the ambitious plans might be scaled back in any future construction . The new facility was to have been the world 's most advanced cereal manufacturing plant , and Kellogg 's largest construction project . But in recent weeks , construction - industry sources reported that early preparation work was slowing at the 185-acre site . The company would n't elaborate , citing competitive reasons . 	answer: positive
event: Last year the company earned $ 480.4 million , or $ 3.90 a share , on sales of $ 4.3 billion starts after expected story: The oat - bran craze has cost the world 's largest cereal maker market share . But the Memphis , Tenn. , facility was n't to begin turning out product until 1993 , so the decision may reveal a more pessimistic long - term outlook as well . Each share point is worth about $ 60 million in sales . " " They are not a happy group of people at Battle Creek right now . Another analyst , John C. Maxwell Jr. of Wheat , First Securities in Richmond , Va. , recently went to a " sell " recommendation on Kellogg stock , which closed Friday at $ 71.75 , down 75 cents , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . " People are reading the boxes and deciding they want something that 's ` healthy ' for you -- oats , bran . " Mr. Maxwell said he would n't be surprised if , over the next two years or so , General Mills ' share increased to 30 % or more . He said construction would n't resume until market conditions warrant it . A Kellogg officer , who asked not to be named , said the Memphis project was " pulled in for a reconsideration of costs , " an indication that the ambitious plans might be scaled back in any future construction . The new facility was to have been the world 's most advanced cereal manufacturing plant , and Kellogg 's largest construction project . But in recent weeks , construction - industry sources reported that early preparation work was slowing at the 185-acre site . The company would n't elaborate , citing competitive reasons . 	answer: negative
event: the revolution that brought Castro to power 42 years ago starts before the Miami ` ` worms ' ' who support Elian 's kept in the United States story: HAVANA ( AP ) -- Elian Gonzalez 's father said in a letter published Wednesday that he wants Cuban diplomats based in Washington to meet with his 6-year - old son in Miami and check on his condition . Juan Miguel Gonzalez wrote in a letter published on the front page of the Communist Party daily Granma . ` ` We lack direct information about the concrete conditions to which he is subjected in his daily life . ' ' There was no immediate response from the U.S. government to the request . Hundreds of former fighters in the revolution that  brought Castro to power 42 years ago gathered Wednesday night to denounce the Miami ` ` worms ' ' who support Elian 's being  kept in the United States . ` ` I formally object to the legal moves made or being made by those who are arbitrarily retaining Elian , ' ' In the letter , Gonzalez said he does not recognize the jurisdiction of the U.S. court system , which is weighing an attempt by Elian 's Miami relatives to block his return to Cuba . Elian is staying with his paternal great - uncle Lazaro Gonzalez , who is fighting to keep the boy with him in the United States . Cuban exiles in Miami say the boy 's mother died to give him freedom in the United States , while the Cuban government maintains Elian is being improperly kept from his father . ` ` Juan Miguel must not have written the letter himself , ' ' said Armando Gutierrez , spokesman for Elian 's relatives in Miami . The INS ruled last month that only Elian 's father has the right to speak for the boy in immigration matters . 	answer: positive
event: the revolution that brought Castro to power 42 years ago starts after the Miami ` ` worms ' ' who support Elian 's kept in the United States story: HAVANA ( AP ) -- Elian Gonzalez 's father said in a letter published Wednesday that he wants Cuban diplomats based in Washington to meet with his 6-year - old son in Miami and check on his condition . Juan Miguel Gonzalez wrote in a letter published on the front page of the Communist Party daily Granma . ` ` We lack direct information about the concrete conditions to which he is subjected in his daily life . ' ' There was no immediate response from the U.S. government to the request . Hundreds of former fighters in the revolution that  brought Castro to power 42 years ago gathered Wednesday night to denounce the Miami ` ` worms ' ' who support Elian 's being  kept in the United States . ` ` I formally object to the legal moves made or being made by those who are arbitrarily retaining Elian , ' ' In the letter , Gonzalez said he does not recognize the jurisdiction of the U.S. court system , which is weighing an attempt by Elian 's Miami relatives to block his return to Cuba . Elian is staying with his paternal great - uncle Lazaro Gonzalez , who is fighting to keep the boy with him in the United States . Cuban exiles in Miami say the boy 's mother died to give him freedom in the United States , while the Cuban government maintains Elian is being improperly kept from his father . ` ` Juan Miguel must not have written the letter himself , ' ' said Armando Gutierrez , spokesman for Elian 's relatives in Miami . The INS ruled last month that only Elian 's father has the right to speak for the boy in immigration matters . 	answer: negative
event: Asked to comment on Castro 's announcement a Justice Department spokesman said Certainly it changes things starts after Certainly it changes things story: As of Wednesday evening , Lazaro Gonzalez , the boy 's great - uncle and temporary guardian , still had not signed an agreement to hand the child over to immigration officials if the Miami relatives lose a fight to keep him when the case is heard in May in the 11th Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals . ` ` I wo n't cooperate in anything , ' ' Gonzalez told a Spanish - language television station . ` ` The boy lives in my house , and they 'll have to go find him there . ' But an INS spokeswoman said the agency would revoke Elian 's permission to stay in the United States , clearing the way for his return to Cuba . In Havana , Cuban President Fidel Castro said that the boy 's father , Juan Miguel Gonzalez , would travel to the United States to bring his son home after the custody battle has been decided in the courts . Elian 's father would be accompanied by other family members from Cuba , some of the boy 's former classmates and teachers , and psychiatric experts , Castro said on Cuban television . ` ` We have the perfect formula for reinserting Elian , ' ' Castro said . Asked to comment on Castro 's announcement , a Justice Department spokesman  said : ` ` Certainly it  changes things . If the father shows up in Miami and decides to go and ring the doorbell of his relatives and find his son , well , the family in Miami is on record as saying they would turn over Elian to him . Whether they actually do this remains to be seen . ' 	answer: positive
event: Asked to comment on Castro 's announcement a Justice Department spokesman said Certainly it changes things starts before Certainly it changes things story: As of Wednesday evening , Lazaro Gonzalez , the boy 's great - uncle and temporary guardian , still had not signed an agreement to hand the child over to immigration officials if the Miami relatives lose a fight to keep him when the case is heard in May in the 11th Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals . ` ` I wo n't cooperate in anything , ' ' Gonzalez told a Spanish - language television station . ` ` The boy lives in my house , and they 'll have to go find him there . ' But an INS spokeswoman said the agency would revoke Elian 's permission to stay in the United States , clearing the way for his return to Cuba . In Havana , Cuban President Fidel Castro said that the boy 's father , Juan Miguel Gonzalez , would travel to the United States to bring his son home after the custody battle has been decided in the courts . Elian 's father would be accompanied by other family members from Cuba , some of the boy 's former classmates and teachers , and psychiatric experts , Castro said on Cuban television . ` ` We have the perfect formula for reinserting Elian , ' ' Castro said . Asked to comment on Castro 's announcement , a Justice Department spokesman  said : ` ` Certainly it  changes things . If the father shows up in Miami and decides to go and ring the doorbell of his relatives and find his son , well , the family in Miami is on record as saying they would turn over Elian to him . Whether they actually do this remains to be seen . ' 	answer: negative
event: it added liquidity starts before they became sell programs story: Stock - index arbitrage -- the computer - guided buying and selling of stocks with offsetting trades in stock - index futures to profit from fleeting price discrepancies -- affects the OTC market directly through the 31 stocks included in Standard amp Poor 's 500-stock index . Estimates from traders put it at less than 5 % of Nasdaq 's average daily volume of roughly 133 million shares . Other market - maker gripes : Program trading also causes the Nasdaq Composite Index to lose ground against other segments of the stock market . And to protect their reduced capital investment from eroding further , market makers became quicker to lower price quotes when sell programs are in progress . In such an environment , market makers can suffer huge losses both on trades made that day at steadily dropping prices and in the value of their inventories of shares . " Joseph Hardiman , president of the National Association of Securities Dealers , which oversees trading on Nasdaq , agrees that program trading is hurting the market 's efforts to bring back small investors . " These big stocks greatly influence the Nasdaq Composite Index . The main reason for this lag is that individual investors own 65 % of the OTC market 's capitalization , according to Mr. Hardiman , much more than on the Big Board . For the week , the index dropped 3.8 % . The average daily share turnover for October is almost 148 million shares . Kirschner earned $ 376,000 on revenue of $ 14.5 million in the 1988 quarter . The company blamed a number of factors for the earnings decline , including softer sales of joint - implants . 	answer: positive
event: it added liquidity starts after they became sell programs story: Stock - index arbitrage -- the computer - guided buying and selling of stocks with offsetting trades in stock - index futures to profit from fleeting price discrepancies -- affects the OTC market directly through the 31 stocks included in Standard amp Poor 's 500-stock index . Estimates from traders put it at less than 5 % of Nasdaq 's average daily volume of roughly 133 million shares . Other market - maker gripes : Program trading also causes the Nasdaq Composite Index to lose ground against other segments of the stock market . And to protect their reduced capital investment from eroding further , market makers became quicker to lower price quotes when sell programs are in progress . In such an environment , market makers can suffer huge losses both on trades made that day at steadily dropping prices and in the value of their inventories of shares . " Joseph Hardiman , president of the National Association of Securities Dealers , which oversees trading on Nasdaq , agrees that program trading is hurting the market 's efforts to bring back small investors . " These big stocks greatly influence the Nasdaq Composite Index . The main reason for this lag is that individual investors own 65 % of the OTC market 's capitalization , according to Mr. Hardiman , much more than on the Big Board . For the week , the index dropped 3.8 % . The average daily share turnover for October is almost 148 million shares . Kirschner earned $ 376,000 on revenue of $ 14.5 million in the 1988 quarter . The company blamed a number of factors for the earnings decline , including softer sales of joint - implants . 	answer: negative
event: Nicknamed starts before His car abandoned at New Jersey 's Newark International Airport in December story: An abortion foe who is the subject of an international manhunt was charged with murder Thursday in the slaying of a doctor who was cut down in his kitchen by a sniper 's bullet . His whereabouts are unknown . ` ` We have probable cause to believe this man , James Kopp , is responsible for the death of Dr. Barnett Slepian , ' ' FBI agent Bernard Tolbert said . Up until Thursday , however , they had described him only as a material witness wanted for questioning -- not a suspect . In addition to a state charge of murder , Kopp faces a federal charge of violating the Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act by using deadly force against an abortion doctor . The federal charge also carries a fine of up to $ 250,000 . Authorities have said they believe the weapon may have been buried in advance of the shooting , with the killer digging it up to fire the shot , then reburying it and fleeing .  Nicknamed His car was spotted in Slepian 's suburban Amherst neighborhood in the weeks before the shooting , and was found  abandoned at New Jersey 's Newark International Airport in December , investigators said . Kopp 's stepmother , who married Kopp 's father when Kopp was in his 30s , said Thursday from her home in Irving , Texas : ` ` I would like to see him come forward and clear his name if he 's not guilty , and if he 's guilty , to contact a priest and make his amends with society , face what he did . ' He also is charged in three Atlanta attacks , including the 1996 Olympic bombing that killed one person . 	answer: positive
event: Nicknamed starts after His car abandoned at New Jersey 's Newark International Airport in December story: An abortion foe who is the subject of an international manhunt was charged with murder Thursday in the slaying of a doctor who was cut down in his kitchen by a sniper 's bullet . His whereabouts are unknown . ` ` We have probable cause to believe this man , James Kopp , is responsible for the death of Dr. Barnett Slepian , ' ' FBI agent Bernard Tolbert said . Up until Thursday , however , they had described him only as a material witness wanted for questioning -- not a suspect . In addition to a state charge of murder , Kopp faces a federal charge of violating the Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act by using deadly force against an abortion doctor . The federal charge also carries a fine of up to $ 250,000 . Authorities have said they believe the weapon may have been buried in advance of the shooting , with the killer digging it up to fire the shot , then reburying it and fleeing .  Nicknamed His car was spotted in Slepian 's suburban Amherst neighborhood in the weeks before the shooting , and was found  abandoned at New Jersey 's Newark International Airport in December , investigators said . Kopp 's stepmother , who married Kopp 's father when Kopp was in his 30s , said Thursday from her home in Irving , Texas : ` ` I would like to see him come forward and clear his name if he 's not guilty , and if he 's guilty , to contact a priest and make his amends with society , face what he did . ' He also is charged in three Atlanta attacks , including the 1996 Olympic bombing that killed one person . 	answer: negative
event: Some of the biggest employment gains came in the construction industry , which added 92,000 jobs in January starts before The increase reflected the strength of the housing industry , which has been helped not just by declining interest rates but also by unusually warm weather story: The economy created jobs at a surprisingly robust pace in January , the government reported on Friday , evidence that America 's economic stamina has withstood any disruptions caused so far by the financial tumult in Asia . With growing opportunities for work drawing more people into the labor force , the unemployment rate remained at 4.7 percent last month , just a notch above its quarter - century low . The demand for workers also led employers to raise wages again last month . Average hourly earnings of production and nonsupervisory employees rose 4 cents , to $ 12.51 . But economists said the wage increase was not enough to raise any concerns about higher inflation . And because the Federal Reserve has made clear that it expects the economy to slow in coming months as ripple effects from Asia reach the United States , investors disregarded the large jobs gains , betting that neither a rise in interest rates nor resurgent inflation is looming . In the bond market , a sensitive barometer of inflation anxiety , prices edged up , pushing down the yield on the benchmark 30-year Treasury bond to 5.92 percent from 5.93 percent . The surge in jobs reflects a remarkable confluence of positive and self - reinforcing economic forces . Inflation has been almost nonexistent , and consumer confidence has been extremely strong . The likelihood that the federal budget will soon move from deficit into surplus has further improved the outlook . ` ` Those fumes will exhaust themselves , and the manufacturing sector is going to start getting beat up in the spring . ' 	answer: positive
event: Some of the biggest employment gains came in the construction industry , which added 92,000 jobs in January starts after The increase reflected the strength of the housing industry , which has been helped not just by declining interest rates but also by unusually warm weather story: The economy created jobs at a surprisingly robust pace in January , the government reported on Friday , evidence that America 's economic stamina has withstood any disruptions caused so far by the financial tumult in Asia . With growing opportunities for work drawing more people into the labor force , the unemployment rate remained at 4.7 percent last month , just a notch above its quarter - century low . The demand for workers also led employers to raise wages again last month . Average hourly earnings of production and nonsupervisory employees rose 4 cents , to $ 12.51 . But economists said the wage increase was not enough to raise any concerns about higher inflation . And because the Federal Reserve has made clear that it expects the economy to slow in coming months as ripple effects from Asia reach the United States , investors disregarded the large jobs gains , betting that neither a rise in interest rates nor resurgent inflation is looming . In the bond market , a sensitive barometer of inflation anxiety , prices edged up , pushing down the yield on the benchmark 30-year Treasury bond to 5.92 percent from 5.93 percent . The surge in jobs reflects a remarkable confluence of positive and self - reinforcing economic forces . Inflation has been almost nonexistent , and consumer confidence has been extremely strong . The likelihood that the federal budget will soon move from deficit into surplus has further improved the outlook . ` ` Those fumes will exhaust themselves , and the manufacturing sector is going to start getting beat up in the spring . ' 	answer: negative
event: No one hurt starts before firefighters said they 'll monitor the shifting ground story: Officials in California are warning residents that oncoming rains will cause dangerous and unpredictable landslides . From member station KQED , Auncil Martinez reports . Experts say the ground is so saturated it can not absorb any more water . So that means soil will fall off in chunks and destroy anything in its path . In Los Angeles that lesson was brought home today when tons of earth cascaded down a hillside , ripping two houses from their foundations . No one was  hurt , but firefighters ordered the evacuation of nearby homes and  said they 'll monitor the shifting ground . In the northern California town of Rio Nido , officials say a football field sized slab of hillside could still break loose at any time and destroy an entire neighborhood . And in San Francisco , a mansion overlooking the Pacific Ocean and the Golden Gate Bridge is slipping toward the sea . Forecasters say the picture will get worse because more rains are on the way . For NPR news , I 'm Auncil Martinez reporting . 	answer: positive
event: No one hurt starts after firefighters said they 'll monitor the shifting ground story: Officials in California are warning residents that oncoming rains will cause dangerous and unpredictable landslides . From member station KQED , Auncil Martinez reports . Experts say the ground is so saturated it can not absorb any more water . So that means soil will fall off in chunks and destroy anything in its path . In Los Angeles that lesson was brought home today when tons of earth cascaded down a hillside , ripping two houses from their foundations . No one was  hurt , but firefighters ordered the evacuation of nearby homes and  said they 'll monitor the shifting ground . In the northern California town of Rio Nido , officials say a football field sized slab of hillside could still break loose at any time and destroy an entire neighborhood . And in San Francisco , a mansion overlooking the Pacific Ocean and the Golden Gate Bridge is slipping toward the sea . Forecasters say the picture will get worse because more rains are on the way . For NPR news , I 'm Auncil Martinez reporting . 	answer: negative
event: ` I do n't know what Juan Miguel thinks or believes Juanita Castro said starts after What I think story: MIAMI _ The small pharmacy on Unity Boulevard in Little Havana is unassuming . But the opinion of the woman who runs the modest business , which sells everything from prescription drugs to chewing gum and toys , carries a lot of weight in this part of Miami . She is Fidel Castro 's younger sister , Juanita . Juanita Castro is a beloved and respected member of this community . ` ` This has become too politicized , in both Cuba and Miami , and too many people are profiting from this tragedy . She is not certain whether the boy should stay in the United States , but she feels that since he 's been here so long , he should be afforded the opportunity to live in a free country . When asked if she thought the boy 's father , Juan Miguel Gonzalez , was being controlled by the Cuban government even though he has been in Bethesda , Md. , for the last week , she frowned . Dressed in a dark pink blazer and cream color pants , the sister of the Cuban dictator walked around the pharmacy talking warmly with her customers . ` ` I have sisters that I still speak to , ' ' she said , ` ` and this situation is driving people crazy . ' ' She does not speak to her brother and has n't for several years . Juanita Castro said . ` ` He talks and he decides . ' ' ` ` I just work in my pharmacy every day and I pray for a resolution in our country ( Cuba ) that is without violence , ' ' she said . He 's been through a lot . ' 	answer: positive
event: ` I do n't know what Juan Miguel thinks or believes Juanita Castro said starts before What I think story: MIAMI _ The small pharmacy on Unity Boulevard in Little Havana is unassuming . But the opinion of the woman who runs the modest business , which sells everything from prescription drugs to chewing gum and toys , carries a lot of weight in this part of Miami . She is Fidel Castro 's younger sister , Juanita . Juanita Castro is a beloved and respected member of this community . ` ` This has become too politicized , in both Cuba and Miami , and too many people are profiting from this tragedy . She is not certain whether the boy should stay in the United States , but she feels that since he 's been here so long , he should be afforded the opportunity to live in a free country . When asked if she thought the boy 's father , Juan Miguel Gonzalez , was being controlled by the Cuban government even though he has been in Bethesda , Md. , for the last week , she frowned . Dressed in a dark pink blazer and cream color pants , the sister of the Cuban dictator walked around the pharmacy talking warmly with her customers . ` ` I have sisters that I still speak to , ' ' she said , ` ` and this situation is driving people crazy . ' ' She does not speak to her brother and has n't for several years . Juanita Castro said . ` ` He talks and he decides . ' ' ` ` I just work in my pharmacy every day and I pray for a resolution in our country ( Cuba ) that is without violence , ' ' she said . He 's been through a lot . ' 	answer: negative
event: The company said its third - quarter earnings will probably be lower than the 16 cents a share it reported last year , despite a rise in the company 's revenue starts after Kirschner earned $ 376,000 on revenue of $ 14.5 million in the 1988 quarter story: The SampP 500 is often used in arbitrage strategies . Because of program trading it is more difficult to trade many OTC stocks without sharp price moves , a condition known as illiquidity . Peter DaPuzzo , head of retail equity trading at Shearson Lehman Hutton , acknowledges that he was n't troubled by program trading when it began in the pre - crash bull market because it added liquidity and people were pleased to see stock prices rising . Shearson , Merrill Lynch and Goldman Sachs say they do so only for customers , however . Of course , there were sell programs in past years , too , but they seem to hurt market makers more painfully these days . Market makers , to cut costs , slashed inventories of stocks they keep on hand to sell investors when other holders are n't selling . Eight trading days after Oct. 12 , the day before the stock market plunge , for instance , the Nasdaq Composite had fallen 4.3 % , compared with 3.3 % for the SampP 500 , 3.5 % for the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index and 3.6 % for the industrial average . This gap eventually closes , but slowly . The main reason for this lag is that individual investors own 65 % of the OTC market 's capitalization , according to Mr. Hardiman , much more than on the Big Board . The Nasdaq Composite Index tumbled 5.39 , or 1.2 % to 452.76 on Friday . LIN now plans to dole out $ 42 a share in cash , up from the earlier $ 20 amount . Intel eased 1/8 to 31 7/8 . 	answer: positive
event: The company said its third - quarter earnings will probably be lower than the 16 cents a share it reported last year , despite a rise in the company 's revenue starts before Kirschner earned $ 376,000 on revenue of $ 14.5 million in the 1988 quarter story: The SampP 500 is often used in arbitrage strategies . Because of program trading it is more difficult to trade many OTC stocks without sharp price moves , a condition known as illiquidity . Peter DaPuzzo , head of retail equity trading at Shearson Lehman Hutton , acknowledges that he was n't troubled by program trading when it began in the pre - crash bull market because it added liquidity and people were pleased to see stock prices rising . Shearson , Merrill Lynch and Goldman Sachs say they do so only for customers , however . Of course , there were sell programs in past years , too , but they seem to hurt market makers more painfully these days . Market makers , to cut costs , slashed inventories of stocks they keep on hand to sell investors when other holders are n't selling . Eight trading days after Oct. 12 , the day before the stock market plunge , for instance , the Nasdaq Composite had fallen 4.3 % , compared with 3.3 % for the SampP 500 , 3.5 % for the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index and 3.6 % for the industrial average . This gap eventually closes , but slowly . The main reason for this lag is that individual investors own 65 % of the OTC market 's capitalization , according to Mr. Hardiman , much more than on the Big Board . The Nasdaq Composite Index tumbled 5.39 , or 1.2 % to 452.76 on Friday . LIN now plans to dole out $ 42 a share in cash , up from the earlier $ 20 amount . Intel eased 1/8 to 31 7/8 . 	answer: negative
event: what I told starts after from what I 've been told she taking the view story: Spontaneous applause echoed through the chamber and public galleries as the crucial vote passed by a wide margin . ` ` I want a referendum , ' ' Howard said . ` ` The Australian people are owed the opportunity of expressing an opinion on this . ' ' ` ` It would be a travesty in common sense terms of Australian democracy for that proposition not to be put to the Australian people , ' ' Even in his own Cabinet , Howard is becoming increasingly isolated with his monarchist stance . Treasurer Peter Costello , Environment Minister Robert Hill and Attorney General Daryl Williams all voted to support the republic Friday . ` ` This convention will be seen as a turning point in our history , ' ' Pro - republicans hope to have an Australian president by the opening of the 2000 Olympics and the 100th anniversary of Australian federation . ` ` The phony war has finished and the real referendum campaign has clearly begun , ' ' Australians for a Constitutional Monarchy executive director Kerry Jones said . Australia has been independent since 1901 , but like many Commonwealth nations it still recognizes the British monarch as its head of state . Howard said Queen Elizabeth II is taking a great interest in the convention . she is a 20th century democrat , understands that the role of the crown in Australia rests in the hands of the Australian people as it has for almost a hundred years . ' ' ` ` This is an important step along the path towards Australia claiming its full sovereignty , and due recognition that the monarchy can no longer serve us appropriately , ' ' Keating said . 	answer: positive
event: what I told starts before from what I 've been told she taking the view story: Spontaneous applause echoed through the chamber and public galleries as the crucial vote passed by a wide margin . ` ` I want a referendum , ' ' Howard said . ` ` The Australian people are owed the opportunity of expressing an opinion on this . ' ' ` ` It would be a travesty in common sense terms of Australian democracy for that proposition not to be put to the Australian people , ' ' Even in his own Cabinet , Howard is becoming increasingly isolated with his monarchist stance . Treasurer Peter Costello , Environment Minister Robert Hill and Attorney General Daryl Williams all voted to support the republic Friday . ` ` This convention will be seen as a turning point in our history , ' ' Pro - republicans hope to have an Australian president by the opening of the 2000 Olympics and the 100th anniversary of Australian federation . ` ` The phony war has finished and the real referendum campaign has clearly begun , ' ' Australians for a Constitutional Monarchy executive director Kerry Jones said . Australia has been independent since 1901 , but like many Commonwealth nations it still recognizes the British monarch as its head of state . Howard said Queen Elizabeth II is taking a great interest in the convention . she is a 20th century democrat , understands that the role of the crown in Australia rests in the hands of the Australian people as it has for almost a hundred years . ' ' ` ` This is an important step along the path towards Australia claiming its full sovereignty , and due recognition that the monarchy can no longer serve us appropriately , ' ' Keating said . 	answer: negative
event: him a week withdraw fully starts before the President listen to what his counterpart had to say story: So far , the offensive is progressing with dramatic success , " said a buoyant Gen. Norman Schwarzkopf , commander of U.S. forces . " Perhaps more important , it appears that allied troops have n't yet fully engaged Iraq 's vaunted Republican Guard , which has been sitting just north of the Iraq - Kuwait border and is considered the most potent element in the Iraqi defense . He argued setting an explicit deadline for Saddam Hussein to break would , when it was broken , give the U.S. military a clear green light to proceed . In setting out his final challenge to Saddam Hussein , Mr. Bush continued the intensive personal diplomacy he began after the invasion last August . U.S. commanders said 5,500 Iraqi prisoners were taken in the first hours of the ground war , though some military officials later said the total may have climbed above 8,000 . If the allies succeed , Saddam Hussein will have plunged his country first into a fruitless eight - year war against Iran and then into a humiliating war against the U.S. and the allies to defend his conquest of Kuwait , leaving much of his country 's military establishment and modern infrastructure in ruins . These guys simply do n't retire to condos over the Euphrates . Despite the lack of any obvious successors , the Iraqi leader 's internal power base appeared to be narrowing even before the war began . Yet , paradoxically , the perception that the U.S. wants to destroy Iraq may increase Saddam Hussein 's support within the Iraqi military . 	answer: positive
event: him a week withdraw fully starts after the President listen to what his counterpart had to say story: So far , the offensive is progressing with dramatic success , " said a buoyant Gen. Norman Schwarzkopf , commander of U.S. forces . " Perhaps more important , it appears that allied troops have n't yet fully engaged Iraq 's vaunted Republican Guard , which has been sitting just north of the Iraq - Kuwait border and is considered the most potent element in the Iraqi defense . He argued setting an explicit deadline for Saddam Hussein to break would , when it was broken , give the U.S. military a clear green light to proceed . In setting out his final challenge to Saddam Hussein , Mr. Bush continued the intensive personal diplomacy he began after the invasion last August . U.S. commanders said 5,500 Iraqi prisoners were taken in the first hours of the ground war , though some military officials later said the total may have climbed above 8,000 . If the allies succeed , Saddam Hussein will have plunged his country first into a fruitless eight - year war against Iran and then into a humiliating war against the U.S. and the allies to defend his conquest of Kuwait , leaving much of his country 's military establishment and modern infrastructure in ruins . These guys simply do n't retire to condos over the Euphrates . Despite the lack of any obvious successors , the Iraqi leader 's internal power base appeared to be narrowing even before the war began . Yet , paradoxically , the perception that the U.S. wants to destroy Iraq may increase Saddam Hussein 's support within the Iraqi military . 	answer: negative
event: Pakistan handed to Kenyan officials a suspect in the U.S. Embassy bombings , Mohammed Saddiq Odeh , also known as Mohammad Sadiq Howaida and Abdull Bast Awadh starts before The first batch of evidence from the Nairobi bombing arrived over the weekend at the FBI lab at the bureau 's Washington headquarters story: DAR ES SALAAM , Tanzania ( AP ) _ ` ` To America 's embassy personnel in Nairobi and Dar es Salaam , I will bring a message of solidarity in their sorrow , admiration for their courage and support for their continued efforts on behalf of our country , ' ' Albright 's visit to East Africa was designed in part to demonstrate U.S. resolve in the face of growing terrorist threats to Americans . But Albright and other U.S. officials have strongly disputed that notion , saying the priority had been rescuing all possible , African and American . On Friday , when Albright set aside vacation plans for the hastily planned trip to East Africa , the State Department lifted a warning against travel to Kenya , whose economy relies heavily on foreign visitors , to further ease any strain in the aftermath of the tragedy . The State Department also ordered the departure of all non - emergency personnel and families of employees from the embassy at Islamabad and from U.S. consulates in Karachi , Lahore and Peshawar . The warnings came after Pakistan  handed over to Kenyan officials a suspect in the U.S. Embassy bombings , Mohammed Saddiq Odeh , also known as Mohammad Sadiq Howaida and Abdull Bast Awadh . The first batch of evidence from the Nairobi bombing  arrived over the weekend at the FBI lab at the bureau 's Washington headquarters and is being analyzed , FBI officials said Monday . Many more shipments are expected , but the first batch contained cotton swabs taken at the blast site in hopes of picking up microscopic residues that could positively identify what the bomb was made of . 	answer: positive
event: Pakistan handed to Kenyan officials a suspect in the U.S. Embassy bombings , Mohammed Saddiq Odeh , also known as Mohammad Sadiq Howaida and Abdull Bast Awadh starts after The first batch of evidence from the Nairobi bombing arrived over the weekend at the FBI lab at the bureau 's Washington headquarters story: DAR ES SALAAM , Tanzania ( AP ) _ ` ` To America 's embassy personnel in Nairobi and Dar es Salaam , I will bring a message of solidarity in their sorrow , admiration for their courage and support for their continued efforts on behalf of our country , ' ' Albright 's visit to East Africa was designed in part to demonstrate U.S. resolve in the face of growing terrorist threats to Americans . But Albright and other U.S. officials have strongly disputed that notion , saying the priority had been rescuing all possible , African and American . On Friday , when Albright set aside vacation plans for the hastily planned trip to East Africa , the State Department lifted a warning against travel to Kenya , whose economy relies heavily on foreign visitors , to further ease any strain in the aftermath of the tragedy . The State Department also ordered the departure of all non - emergency personnel and families of employees from the embassy at Islamabad and from U.S. consulates in Karachi , Lahore and Peshawar . The warnings came after Pakistan  handed over to Kenyan officials a suspect in the U.S. Embassy bombings , Mohammed Saddiq Odeh , also known as Mohammad Sadiq Howaida and Abdull Bast Awadh . The first batch of evidence from the Nairobi bombing  arrived over the weekend at the FBI lab at the bureau 's Washington headquarters and is being analyzed , FBI officials said Monday . Many more shipments are expected , but the first batch contained cotton swabs taken at the blast site in hopes of picking up microscopic residues that could positively identify what the bomb was made of . 	answer: negative
event: She scheduled to lay flowers at the bombed embassy starts after Kenyan embassy guards and others who survived the blast story: _ Albright , arriving after a 16-hour flight , spent about five hours in Tanzania before heading to Nairobi in a small plane when an engine of the Boeing 747 she had flown in from Washington overheated . In Dar es Salaam , she laid a wreath next to the crater left by the embassy blast that killed 10 people . Reporters also were allowed inside for the first time since the explosion and found broken glass and smashed furniture scattered throughout the embassy . Albright helped hang a poster advertising a reward of up to dlrs 2 million for information leading to the bombers ' arrest . Albright announced a gift of 500 pounds ( 225 kilograms ) of medical supplies to Tanzania and Kenya from the Walter Reed Army Medical Center . She also pledged to ask Congress to approve a still - undetermined amount of emergency funding to pay for re - establishing embassy operations in Tanzania and Kenya and to compensate victims ' families . But Tanzanian Foreign Minister Jakaya Kikwete , speaking at a joint news conference with Albright , said there are no ill feelings in Tanzania toward Americans because of their handling of the rescue , as there are among some Kenyans . ` ` We are friends . ' ' ` ` These bombings will not cause America to back down or retreat , ' ' she declared . In Nairobi , a top Kenyan police official denied a newspaper report that more arrests had been made there . Officials said last week that six people were in custody for questioning about the bombing . The diplomats were flown to Brussels , Belgium . Other Americans have also been urged to leave . 	answer: positive
event: She scheduled to lay flowers at the bombed embassy starts before Kenyan embassy guards and others who survived the blast story: _ Albright , arriving after a 16-hour flight , spent about five hours in Tanzania before heading to Nairobi in a small plane when an engine of the Boeing 747 she had flown in from Washington overheated . In Dar es Salaam , she laid a wreath next to the crater left by the embassy blast that killed 10 people . Reporters also were allowed inside for the first time since the explosion and found broken glass and smashed furniture scattered throughout the embassy . Albright helped hang a poster advertising a reward of up to dlrs 2 million for information leading to the bombers ' arrest . Albright announced a gift of 500 pounds ( 225 kilograms ) of medical supplies to Tanzania and Kenya from the Walter Reed Army Medical Center . She also pledged to ask Congress to approve a still - undetermined amount of emergency funding to pay for re - establishing embassy operations in Tanzania and Kenya and to compensate victims ' families . But Tanzanian Foreign Minister Jakaya Kikwete , speaking at a joint news conference with Albright , said there are no ill feelings in Tanzania toward Americans because of their handling of the rescue , as there are among some Kenyans . ` ` We are friends . ' ' ` ` These bombings will not cause America to back down or retreat , ' ' she declared . In Nairobi , a top Kenyan police official denied a newspaper report that more arrests had been made there . Officials said last week that six people were in custody for questioning about the bombing . The diplomats were flown to Brussels , Belgium . Other Americans have also been urged to leave . 	answer: negative
event: Control Data 's semiconductor business , VTC Inc. , continues to lose money starts before Control Data 's semiconductor business , VTC Inc. , continues to lose money the executives acknowledged some of the technology vital to story: Now , following asset sales that shrank revenue by more than one - third this year alone , Control Data is flush with cash . So its senior executives are talking openly about possibly buying back some of the company 's $ 172.5 million in subordinated convertible debentures next year . He said the company has no intention of tapping its short - term bank lines " for a good part of 1990 . " In recent months a group of lenders , led by Bank of America , has extended Control Data up to $ 90 million in revolving loans through January , as well as $ 115 million in standby letters of credit . Rather , Mr. Perlman said , Control Data intends to bid for the coming Minnesota lottery contract and is seeking new applications for the technology overseas , where " there is great interest in games of skill . " Control Data 's semiconductor business , VTC Inc. ,  continues to lose money , the executives  acknowledged , but they said they consider some of the technology vital to national defense and so are reluctant to dispose of it . He disclosed that before Control Data scrapped its ETA Systems Inc. supercomputer business this past spring , those costs were running at nearly 35 % of group revenue . Asked how the company hopes to expand its computer hardware business , Mr. Ousley said it sees good opportunities in systems integration . Utilities management is a major commercial niche . But while its stock is selling at about half Control Data 's estimated breakup value , neither Messrs. Perlman nor Price said he spends much time considering the possibility of a hostile takeover . 	answer: positive
event: Control Data 's semiconductor business , VTC Inc. , continues to lose money starts after Control Data 's semiconductor business , VTC Inc. , continues to lose money the executives acknowledged some of the technology vital to story: Now , following asset sales that shrank revenue by more than one - third this year alone , Control Data is flush with cash . So its senior executives are talking openly about possibly buying back some of the company 's $ 172.5 million in subordinated convertible debentures next year . He said the company has no intention of tapping its short - term bank lines " for a good part of 1990 . " In recent months a group of lenders , led by Bank of America , has extended Control Data up to $ 90 million in revolving loans through January , as well as $ 115 million in standby letters of credit . Rather , Mr. Perlman said , Control Data intends to bid for the coming Minnesota lottery contract and is seeking new applications for the technology overseas , where " there is great interest in games of skill . " Control Data 's semiconductor business , VTC Inc. ,  continues to lose money , the executives  acknowledged , but they said they consider some of the technology vital to national defense and so are reluctant to dispose of it . He disclosed that before Control Data scrapped its ETA Systems Inc. supercomputer business this past spring , those costs were running at nearly 35 % of group revenue . Asked how the company hopes to expand its computer hardware business , Mr. Ousley said it sees good opportunities in systems integration . Utilities management is a major commercial niche . But while its stock is selling at about half Control Data 's estimated breakup value , neither Messrs. Perlman nor Price said he spends much time considering the possibility of a hostile takeover . 	answer: negative
event: bombers destined for Kenya dispatched through Somalia and Rwanda starts before A senior government official who saw the confessions of suspects saying that an Egyptian Islamic Jihad group , linked with Laden , planned the attacks story: -- Director of the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) Louis Freeh said here Friday that U.S. air raid on Afghanistan and Sudan is not directly linked with the probe into the August 7 bombings in east Africa . " I can not detail or characterize the type of evidence we have gathered in Nairobi . " " Hundreds of people have been interviewed " and investigators probably have to take quite a long time to compile evidence in the two bomb blasts so as to reach any conclusion , he said . U.S. President Bill Clinton said Thursday that he had ordered the strikes after receiving " convincing evidence " that the terrorist facilities the U.S. raided in Sudan and Afghanistan had played key roles in the bomb attacks in capitals of Kenya and Tanzania . The man who hurled a grenade at security guards at the U.S. embassy here seconds before the bomb exploded was positively identified Thursday as two more suspects -- one Arab , one Sudanese -- who had been arrested , Kenya 's national newspapers reported Friday . Local sources said that the plan of bombing U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania took three months to complete and bombers destined for Kenya were  dispatched through Somalia and Rwanda . A senior government official who saw the confessions of suspects was quoted Friday by local media as  saying that an Egyptian Islamic Jihad group , linked with Laden , planned the attacks . The car bomb attack at the U.S. embassy in Nairobi killed 253 people and injured 5,000 others . Earlier , the U.S. 's demand for Laden 's extradition from Afghanistan has been refused by the Taliban government . 	answer: positive
event: bombers destined for Kenya dispatched through Somalia and Rwanda starts after A senior government official who saw the confessions of suspects saying that an Egyptian Islamic Jihad group , linked with Laden , planned the attacks story: -- Director of the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) Louis Freeh said here Friday that U.S. air raid on Afghanistan and Sudan is not directly linked with the probe into the August 7 bombings in east Africa . " I can not detail or characterize the type of evidence we have gathered in Nairobi . " " Hundreds of people have been interviewed " and investigators probably have to take quite a long time to compile evidence in the two bomb blasts so as to reach any conclusion , he said . U.S. President Bill Clinton said Thursday that he had ordered the strikes after receiving " convincing evidence " that the terrorist facilities the U.S. raided in Sudan and Afghanistan had played key roles in the bomb attacks in capitals of Kenya and Tanzania . The man who hurled a grenade at security guards at the U.S. embassy here seconds before the bomb exploded was positively identified Thursday as two more suspects -- one Arab , one Sudanese -- who had been arrested , Kenya 's national newspapers reported Friday . Local sources said that the plan of bombing U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania took three months to complete and bombers destined for Kenya were  dispatched through Somalia and Rwanda . A senior government official who saw the confessions of suspects was quoted Friday by local media as  saying that an Egyptian Islamic Jihad group , linked with Laden , planned the attacks . The car bomb attack at the U.S. embassy in Nairobi killed 253 people and injured 5,000 others . Earlier , the U.S. 's demand for Laden 's extradition from Afghanistan has been refused by the Taliban government . 	answer: negative
event: With a tense Miami waiting federal immigration officials said Monday they will order the Miami relatives of 6-year - old Cuban rafter Elian Gonzalez to turn the boy over to his father , who could come to the U.S. from Cuba as early as Tuesday starts before ` Our goal is to reunite Elian and his father said Maria Cardona , a spokeswoman for the U.S. Immigration and Naturalization Service story: The group might come to the U.S. as soon as Tuesday , according to unconfirmed media reports . But Miami 's volatile Cuban exiles continued to vow they would block any attempt to take Elian from the Little Havana home where he has been living with his Miami relatives , with some predicting bloodshed if federal agents come for the boy . ` ` We continue to be very concerned about the mental and psychological well - being of this 6-year - old , ' ' said Manny Diaz , one of the family 's attorneys . Visas for the entourage of more than 20 teachers , classmates and others _ including Ricardo Alarcon , Cuban National Assembly president _ that Castro wants to accompany the family were not yet approved , officials said . In January , Immigration and Naturalization Service Commissioner Doris Meissner ruled that Elian should go back to Cuba , a decision upheld by U.S. Attorney General Janet Reno . The Miami relatives filed a federal lawsuit to overturn the decision , but in March a Miami federal judge ruled against them . Legal experts and federal officials maintain that Reno can allow the boy to be sent back to Cuba before the appeal is heard . Last week , federal officials sought to have the family must sign an agreement to turn the boy over voluntarily should they lose their appeal . If the family refused , INS had threatened to revoke Elian 's parole , meaning federal officials would take him from the Miami family . Previously , Gonzalez had said he would never come here to get his son . 	answer: positive
event: With a tense Miami waiting federal immigration officials said Monday they will order the Miami relatives of 6-year - old Cuban rafter Elian Gonzalez to turn the boy over to his father , who could come to the U.S. from Cuba as early as Tuesday starts after ` Our goal is to reunite Elian and his father said Maria Cardona , a spokeswoman for the U.S. Immigration and Naturalization Service story: The group might come to the U.S. as soon as Tuesday , according to unconfirmed media reports . But Miami 's volatile Cuban exiles continued to vow they would block any attempt to take Elian from the Little Havana home where he has been living with his Miami relatives , with some predicting bloodshed if federal agents come for the boy . ` ` We continue to be very concerned about the mental and psychological well - being of this 6-year - old , ' ' said Manny Diaz , one of the family 's attorneys . Visas for the entourage of more than 20 teachers , classmates and others _ including Ricardo Alarcon , Cuban National Assembly president _ that Castro wants to accompany the family were not yet approved , officials said . In January , Immigration and Naturalization Service Commissioner Doris Meissner ruled that Elian should go back to Cuba , a decision upheld by U.S. Attorney General Janet Reno . The Miami relatives filed a federal lawsuit to overturn the decision , but in March a Miami federal judge ruled against them . Legal experts and federal officials maintain that Reno can allow the boy to be sent back to Cuba before the appeal is heard . Last week , federal officials sought to have the family must sign an agreement to turn the boy over voluntarily should they lose their appeal . If the family refused , INS had threatened to revoke Elian 's parole , meaning federal officials would take him from the Miami family . Previously , Gonzalez had said he would never come here to get his son . 	answer: negative
event: terrorist attacks that clearly targeted at the United States starts before Americans when visiting Kenya and Tanzania story: WASHINGTON _ New public announcements put out on Aug. 13 suggest only that Americans ` ` exercise caution ' ' when  visiting Kenya and Tanzania . The bombed - out Embassy in Nairobi is expected to be demolished after the FBI has finished gathering evidence . Crew - cut FBI agents fill many of the luxury hotels in the two cities . Still , the televised images of the charred hulks of the American Embassy buildings will likely haunt the travel industry in East Africa for years . The tourism industry in Kenya has been troubled for years _ in part because of the opening of new safari destinations in South Africa , in part because of Nairobi 's well - deserved reputation for street crime . The government has responded to the slump with a series of actions to lure tourists back , including a marked improvement in the service of Kenya Airways , the national airline , which has gone into partnership with KLM Royal Dutch Airlines . Tourism has never been so well - developed an industry in neighboring Tanzania , which is home to Mt. Kilimanjaro , the magnificent wildlife of Serengeti National Park and the exotic island of Zanzibar . But the lack of infrastructure has worked to Tanzania 's advantage in recent years given the dramatic growth in the number of adventure travelers who are willing , even eager to go without the five - star safari resorts that Kenya offers . The U.S. Embassy in Nairobi is now operating out of the offices of the Agency for International Development on The Crescent , in the neighborhood of Nairobi known as the Parklands ; ( 254 - 2 ) 751 - 613 . 	answer: positive
event: terrorist attacks that clearly targeted at the United States starts after Americans when visiting Kenya and Tanzania story: WASHINGTON _ New public announcements put out on Aug. 13 suggest only that Americans ` ` exercise caution ' ' when  visiting Kenya and Tanzania . The bombed - out Embassy in Nairobi is expected to be demolished after the FBI has finished gathering evidence . Crew - cut FBI agents fill many of the luxury hotels in the two cities . Still , the televised images of the charred hulks of the American Embassy buildings will likely haunt the travel industry in East Africa for years . The tourism industry in Kenya has been troubled for years _ in part because of the opening of new safari destinations in South Africa , in part because of Nairobi 's well - deserved reputation for street crime . The government has responded to the slump with a series of actions to lure tourists back , including a marked improvement in the service of Kenya Airways , the national airline , which has gone into partnership with KLM Royal Dutch Airlines . Tourism has never been so well - developed an industry in neighboring Tanzania , which is home to Mt. Kilimanjaro , the magnificent wildlife of Serengeti National Park and the exotic island of Zanzibar . But the lack of infrastructure has worked to Tanzania 's advantage in recent years given the dramatic growth in the number of adventure travelers who are willing , even eager to go without the five - star safari resorts that Kenya offers . The U.S. Embassy in Nairobi is now operating out of the offices of the Agency for International Development on The Crescent , in the neighborhood of Nairobi known as the Parklands ; ( 254 - 2 ) 751 - 613 . 	answer: negative
event: 2.2 million shares , or about 38.5 % of the shares outstanding , tendered under its offer starts before The partners said they already hold 15 % of all shares outstanding story: DD Acquisition Corp. , a partnership of Unicorp Canada Corp. 's Kingsbridge Capital Group and Cara Operations Ltd. , extended to Nov. 20 its $ 45-a - share offer for all Dunkin ' Donuts Inc. shares outstanding . The offer , which was due to expire yesterday , is conditional on 50.1 % of Dunkin ' common shares , on a fully diluted basis , being tendered and on the withdrawal of the company 's poison pill rights plan . Acquisition has launched a suit in a Delaware court seeking the withdrawal of Dunkin 's poison pill rights and employee stock ownership plans , which it claims were put in place to deter bidders . Acquisition said 2.2 million shares , or about 38.5 % of the shares outstanding , have been  tendered under its offer . The partners  said they already hold 15 % of all shares outstanding . Dunkin ' has set Nov. 10 as the deadline for the receipt of any competing bids . DD Acquisition said the extension is to allow this process to be completed . Dunkin ' is based in Randolph , Mass. Cara , a food services chain operator and Unicorp , a holding company , are based in Toronto . 	answer: positive
event: 2.2 million shares , or about 38.5 % of the shares outstanding , tendered under its offer starts after The partners said they already hold 15 % of all shares outstanding story: DD Acquisition Corp. , a partnership of Unicorp Canada Corp. 's Kingsbridge Capital Group and Cara Operations Ltd. , extended to Nov. 20 its $ 45-a - share offer for all Dunkin ' Donuts Inc. shares outstanding . The offer , which was due to expire yesterday , is conditional on 50.1 % of Dunkin ' common shares , on a fully diluted basis , being tendered and on the withdrawal of the company 's poison pill rights plan . Acquisition has launched a suit in a Delaware court seeking the withdrawal of Dunkin 's poison pill rights and employee stock ownership plans , which it claims were put in place to deter bidders . Acquisition said 2.2 million shares , or about 38.5 % of the shares outstanding , have been  tendered under its offer . The partners  said they already hold 15 % of all shares outstanding . Dunkin ' has set Nov. 10 as the deadline for the receipt of any competing bids . DD Acquisition said the extension is to allow this process to be completed . Dunkin ' is based in Randolph , Mass. Cara , a food services chain operator and Unicorp , a holding company , are based in Toronto . 	answer: negative
event: Earlier they said they would give the boy to Gonzalez if he made the trip starts after the 12 first - graders proposed to go on the trip story: HAVANA ( AP ) -- In an apparent bid to show flexibility in the campaign to return Elian Gonzalez to Cuba , President Fidel Castro said the boy 's father has offered to travel alone today to the United States to pick up his 6-year - old son . Gonzalez , the boy 's stepmother , his baby half - brother , a dozen classmates and some adults planned to apply for American visas today at the U.S. Interests Section in Havana , the American mission here . Gonzalez said he would go get his son alone if U.S. authorities promised they would turn Elian over to him immediately and allow them to fly back to Cuba right away , Castro said Sunday . ' ' I am willing to leave tomorrow , absolutely alone and transport myself to where the child is , ' ' Castro read from a letter signed by Gonzalez . ' ' At the same time , the lawyers for the boy 's relatives in Miami said they might try to argue that his father is an unfit parent . Castro said that if those who oppose returning Elian to Cuba are worried about turning the child over to ' ' what is considered Cuban territory , then our Interests Section is willing to renounce diplomatic immunity of the residence of the chief of this section in Washington . ' ' The Miami relatives thus far have refused to sign the document , and in recent days said they would not turn Elian over to his father if he came to the United States . Earlier , they had  said they would give the boy to Gonzalez if he made the trip . We are hoping that they get their visas . ' 	answer: positive
event: Earlier they said they would give the boy to Gonzalez if he made the trip starts before the 12 first - graders proposed to go on the trip story: HAVANA ( AP ) -- In an apparent bid to show flexibility in the campaign to return Elian Gonzalez to Cuba , President Fidel Castro said the boy 's father has offered to travel alone today to the United States to pick up his 6-year - old son . Gonzalez , the boy 's stepmother , his baby half - brother , a dozen classmates and some adults planned to apply for American visas today at the U.S. Interests Section in Havana , the American mission here . Gonzalez said he would go get his son alone if U.S. authorities promised they would turn Elian over to him immediately and allow them to fly back to Cuba right away , Castro said Sunday . ' ' I am willing to leave tomorrow , absolutely alone and transport myself to where the child is , ' ' Castro read from a letter signed by Gonzalez . ' ' At the same time , the lawyers for the boy 's relatives in Miami said they might try to argue that his father is an unfit parent . Castro said that if those who oppose returning Elian to Cuba are worried about turning the child over to ' ' what is considered Cuban territory , then our Interests Section is willing to renounce diplomatic immunity of the residence of the chief of this section in Washington . ' ' The Miami relatives thus far have refused to sign the document , and in recent days said they would not turn Elian over to his father if he came to the United States . Earlier , they had  said they would give the boy to Gonzalez if he made the trip . We are hoping that they get their visas . ' 	answer: negative
event: the same clinic where Slepian worked starts before A federal judge removed Vacco , then the U.S. attorney for western New York , from the case story: Even before the killing , Schumer was tyring to draw more attention to the anti - abortion record of his opponent , Senator Alfonse D'Amato , a Republican who is also running on the Right to Life Party line . On Tuesday , the National Abortion and Reproductive Rights Action League plans to hold a news conference to screen a television advertisement _ made last week , before Slepian died _ featuring Emily Lyons , a nurse who was badly wounded earlier this year in the bombing of an abortion clinic in Alabama . David Eichenbaum , a Democratic political consultant who is not working for anyone in this year 's campaign , said abortion ` ` is no longer the driving issue it once was , at least on the pro - choice side . ' ' But , Eichenbaum said : ` ` Sometimes an incident like this will do more to energize those who are pro - choice who otherwise might not consider that as an important an issue to go to the polls over . Vacco 's campaign manager , Matt Behrmann , said in a statement that Spitzer had ` ` sunk to a new and despicable low by attempting to capitalize on the murder of a physician in order to garner votes . ' ' ` ` It 's possible that New York politics has never seen anything as crass as Eliot Spitzer 's willingness to exploit the unfortunate murder of Slepian as a steppingstone for his own political ambitions , ' ' Berhrmann said . ` ` Trying to score political points from a homicide can have a backlash , ' ' said Maureen Connelly , a media consultant not working for any candidate in next week 's election . 	answer: positive
event: the same clinic where Slepian worked starts after A federal judge removed Vacco , then the U.S. attorney for western New York , from the case story: Even before the killing , Schumer was tyring to draw more attention to the anti - abortion record of his opponent , Senator Alfonse D'Amato , a Republican who is also running on the Right to Life Party line . On Tuesday , the National Abortion and Reproductive Rights Action League plans to hold a news conference to screen a television advertisement _ made last week , before Slepian died _ featuring Emily Lyons , a nurse who was badly wounded earlier this year in the bombing of an abortion clinic in Alabama . David Eichenbaum , a Democratic political consultant who is not working for anyone in this year 's campaign , said abortion ` ` is no longer the driving issue it once was , at least on the pro - choice side . ' ' But , Eichenbaum said : ` ` Sometimes an incident like this will do more to energize those who are pro - choice who otherwise might not consider that as an important an issue to go to the polls over . Vacco 's campaign manager , Matt Behrmann , said in a statement that Spitzer had ` ` sunk to a new and despicable low by attempting to capitalize on the murder of a physician in order to garner votes . ' ' ` ` It 's possible that New York politics has never seen anything as crass as Eliot Spitzer 's willingness to exploit the unfortunate murder of Slepian as a steppingstone for his own political ambitions , ' ' Berhrmann said . ` ` Trying to score political points from a homicide can have a backlash , ' ' said Maureen Connelly , a media consultant not working for any candidate in next week 's election . 	answer: negative
event: a Chapter 11 reorganization plan that provides just 1.125 cents a share for common stockholders starts after each dollar they owed story: Coleco Industries Inc. , a once high - flying toy maker whose stock peaked at $ 65 a share in the early 1980s , filed a Chapter 11 reorganization plan that  provides just 1.125 cents a share for common stockholders . Under the plan , unsecured creditors , who are owed about $ 430 million , would receive about $ 92 million , or 21 cents for each dollar they are  owed . In addition , they will receive stock in the reorganized company , which will be named Ranger Industries Inc. After these payments , about $ 225,000 will be available for the 20 million common shares outstanding . The Avon , Conn. , company 's stock hit a high in 1983 after it unveiled its Adam home computer , but the product was plagued with glitches and the company 's fortunes plunged . But Coleco bounced back with the introduction of the Cabbage Patch dolls , whose sales hit $ 600 million in 1985 . But as the craze died , Coleco failed to come up with another winner and filed for bankruptcy - law protection in July 1988 . The plan was filed jointly with unsecured creditors in federal bankruptcy court in New York and must be approved by the court . 	answer: positive
event: a Chapter 11 reorganization plan that provides just 1.125 cents a share for common stockholders starts before each dollar they owed story: Coleco Industries Inc. , a once high - flying toy maker whose stock peaked at $ 65 a share in the early 1980s , filed a Chapter 11 reorganization plan that  provides just 1.125 cents a share for common stockholders . Under the plan , unsecured creditors , who are owed about $ 430 million , would receive about $ 92 million , or 21 cents for each dollar they are  owed . In addition , they will receive stock in the reorganized company , which will be named Ranger Industries Inc. After these payments , about $ 225,000 will be available for the 20 million common shares outstanding . The Avon , Conn. , company 's stock hit a high in 1983 after it unveiled its Adam home computer , but the product was plagued with glitches and the company 's fortunes plunged . But Coleco bounced back with the introduction of the Cabbage Patch dolls , whose sales hit $ 600 million in 1985 . But as the craze died , Coleco failed to come up with another winner and filed for bankruptcy - law protection in July 1988 . The plan was filed jointly with unsecured creditors in federal bankruptcy court in New York and must be approved by the court . 	answer: negative
event: But the decision by District Attorney Frank C. Clark to begin presenting evidence to a state grand jury suggests that he has amassed enough material to support a criminal indictment for homicide starts after We gotten to the point where we know what we want to introduce before a grand jury story: Slepian was the mainstay of Buffalo 's only abortion clinic before he was shot to death last Oct. 23 at his home in suburban Amherst . Although the authorities are not saying who the suspect is , all of the attention so far has fallen on James C. Kopp , a 44-year - old anti - abortion protester who had been traveling around the country from demonstration to demonstration for years . Clark said it was easier to seek extradition of an indicted suspect from another state or a foreign country than of someone wanted as a material witness . Clark said there was ` ` no question ' ' that the finding of the rifle was important in his decision to seek an indictment . None of those doctors were killed . New York State double - jeopardy laws would make it difficult to prosecute a suspect who had been found not guilty at a federal trial . U.S. Attorney Denise E. O'Donnell declined to discuss what federal charges were being pursued , but she said that in a case like this , potential charges would be abortion - related violence , the use of a firearm in an act of violence , crossing state lines to commit a crime , and , if the suspect 's act was tied to an organization , violation of the so - called RICO statutes , which prohibit an organized criminal enterprise . Slepian , 52 , and the father of four boys , was shot to death at 10 p.m. as he stood chatting with his wife in the kitchen of their home in an affluent enclave in Amherst , which is the largest Buffalo suburb . 	answer: positive
event: But the decision by District Attorney Frank C. Clark to begin presenting evidence to a state grand jury suggests that he has amassed enough material to support a criminal indictment for homicide starts before We gotten to the point where we know what we want to introduce before a grand jury story: Slepian was the mainstay of Buffalo 's only abortion clinic before he was shot to death last Oct. 23 at his home in suburban Amherst . Although the authorities are not saying who the suspect is , all of the attention so far has fallen on James C. Kopp , a 44-year - old anti - abortion protester who had been traveling around the country from demonstration to demonstration for years . Clark said it was easier to seek extradition of an indicted suspect from another state or a foreign country than of someone wanted as a material witness . Clark said there was ` ` no question ' ' that the finding of the rifle was important in his decision to seek an indictment . None of those doctors were killed . New York State double - jeopardy laws would make it difficult to prosecute a suspect who had been found not guilty at a federal trial . U.S. Attorney Denise E. O'Donnell declined to discuss what federal charges were being pursued , but she said that in a case like this , potential charges would be abortion - related violence , the use of a firearm in an act of violence , crossing state lines to commit a crime , and , if the suspect 's act was tied to an organization , violation of the so - called RICO statutes , which prohibit an organized criminal enterprise . Slepian , 52 , and the father of four boys , was shot to death at 10 p.m. as he stood chatting with his wife in the kitchen of their home in an affluent enclave in Amherst , which is the largest Buffalo suburb . 	answer: negative
event: marking what is generally believed to be the end of a two - year boom in the industry starts before Wall Street analysts expect the disappointing trend to continue into the fourth quarter and through at least the first two quarters of 1990 , when the industry will increasingly see the effect of price erosion in major product lines , such as rolled sheet used for cars , appliances and construction story: Wall Street analysts  expect the disappointing trend to continue into the fourth quarter and through at least the first two quarters of 1990 , when the industry will increasingly see the effect of price erosion in major product lines , such as rolled sheet used for cars , appliances and construction . " Bethlehem , the nation 's second largest steelmaker , earned $ 46.9 million , or 54 cents a share . In the year - ago period , Bethlehem earned $ 101.4 million , or $ 1.27 a share , including a $ 3.8 million gain from early retirement of debt . The company said its shipments declined as a result of a reduction in inventories by service centers , a lackluster automotive market and increasing competitive pressures in the construction market . " We anticipate that steel market conditions will exhibit a further moderate decline in the fourth quarter as the automotive sector remains weak and customers continue to adjust inventories , " said Bethlehem Chairman Walter F. Williams . Armco shares closed unchanged at $ 10.625 in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange . National Intergroup , which owns 50 % of the nation 's sixth largest steelmaker -- National Steel Corp. -- posted net income for the fiscal second - quarter of $ 8.6 million , or 33 cents a share , compared with a net loss of $ 50.3 million . Last year 's results were hurt by $ 41.3 million in restructuring charges . However , its equity in the net income of National Steel declined to $ 6.3 million from $ 10.9 million as a result of softer demand and lost orders following prolonged labor talks and a threatened strike . 	answer: positive
event: marking what is generally believed to be the end of a two - year boom in the industry starts after Wall Street analysts expect the disappointing trend to continue into the fourth quarter and through at least the first two quarters of 1990 , when the industry will increasingly see the effect of price erosion in major product lines , such as rolled sheet used for cars , appliances and construction story: Wall Street analysts  expect the disappointing trend to continue into the fourth quarter and through at least the first two quarters of 1990 , when the industry will increasingly see the effect of price erosion in major product lines , such as rolled sheet used for cars , appliances and construction . " Bethlehem , the nation 's second largest steelmaker , earned $ 46.9 million , or 54 cents a share . In the year - ago period , Bethlehem earned $ 101.4 million , or $ 1.27 a share , including a $ 3.8 million gain from early retirement of debt . The company said its shipments declined as a result of a reduction in inventories by service centers , a lackluster automotive market and increasing competitive pressures in the construction market . " We anticipate that steel market conditions will exhibit a further moderate decline in the fourth quarter as the automotive sector remains weak and customers continue to adjust inventories , " said Bethlehem Chairman Walter F. Williams . Armco shares closed unchanged at $ 10.625 in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange . National Intergroup , which owns 50 % of the nation 's sixth largest steelmaker -- National Steel Corp. -- posted net income for the fiscal second - quarter of $ 8.6 million , or 33 cents a share , compared with a net loss of $ 50.3 million . Last year 's results were hurt by $ 41.3 million in restructuring charges . However , its equity in the net income of National Steel declined to $ 6.3 million from $ 10.9 million as a result of softer demand and lost orders following prolonged labor talks and a threatened strike . 	answer: negative
event: the blast which shattered the glass shell of the 22-story Cooperative Bank House starts before the blast which toppled the six - story Ufundi House story: NAIROBI , Kenya ( AP ) _ U.S. Ambassador Prudence Bushnell wrapped up some unfinished business on Wednesday , meeting with Kenya 's trade minister to finish talks that were interrupted by the car bombing of the embassy . On Aug. 7 , Bushnell , Trade Minister Joseph Kimotho and others had just ended a news conference in a building adjacent to the embassy . They were talking when the bomb went off , killing 247 people and wounding more than 5,000 others . On Wednesday , Bushnell and Kimotho met again to finish their discussion , Bushnell told Kenya Television . The ambassador was cut on her lip and hands in the blast , which damaged the embassy ,  shattered the glass shell of the 22-story Cooperative Bank House and  toppled the six - story Ufundi House . Bushnell continued with her duties throughout the subsequent search and rescue at the blast scene , memorials for those slain , and the relocation to a temporary embassy . Kimotho , who was hospitalized with a head wound , said he and Bushnell had been talking about the slated visit of U.S. Commerce Secretary William Daley in September . His trip is still on , the embassy said . The blast in Nairobi occurred at almost exactly the same moment as an explosion ripped through the American Embassy in Tanzania 's commercial capital Dar es Salaam . The death toll in the Tanzania blast , initially 10 , has risen to 12 , hospital officials and family members said Wednesday . That brought the toll for both bombings to 259 . 	answer: positive
event: the blast which shattered the glass shell of the 22-story Cooperative Bank House starts after the blast which toppled the six - story Ufundi House story: NAIROBI , Kenya ( AP ) _ U.S. Ambassador Prudence Bushnell wrapped up some unfinished business on Wednesday , meeting with Kenya 's trade minister to finish talks that were interrupted by the car bombing of the embassy . On Aug. 7 , Bushnell , Trade Minister Joseph Kimotho and others had just ended a news conference in a building adjacent to the embassy . They were talking when the bomb went off , killing 247 people and wounding more than 5,000 others . On Wednesday , Bushnell and Kimotho met again to finish their discussion , Bushnell told Kenya Television . The ambassador was cut on her lip and hands in the blast , which damaged the embassy ,  shattered the glass shell of the 22-story Cooperative Bank House and  toppled the six - story Ufundi House . Bushnell continued with her duties throughout the subsequent search and rescue at the blast scene , memorials for those slain , and the relocation to a temporary embassy . Kimotho , who was hospitalized with a head wound , said he and Bushnell had been talking about the slated visit of U.S. Commerce Secretary William Daley in September . His trip is still on , the embassy said . The blast in Nairobi occurred at almost exactly the same moment as an explosion ripped through the American Embassy in Tanzania 's commercial capital Dar es Salaam . The death toll in the Tanzania blast , initially 10 , has risen to 12 , hospital officials and family members said Wednesday . That brought the toll for both bombings to 259 . 	answer: negative
event: Salomon Brothers Ms. Applebaum estimated third - quarter earnings of 55 cents a share starts after Still Bethlehem 's core basic steel operations experienced a steep drop in operating profit to $ 58.6 million from $ 186.4 million a year ago , when the industry enjoyed strong demand and pricing story: Bethlehem Steel Corp. , hammered by higher costs and lower shipments to key automotive and service - center customers , posted a 54 % drop in third - quarter profit . Bethlehem , the nation 's second largest steelmaker , earned $ 46.9 million , or 54 cents a share . Third - quarter sales dropped 11 % to $ 1.27 billion from $ 1.43 billion a year ago . In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Bethlehem shares rose 50 cents to $ 17.375 . At the same time , production costs , compared with a year ago , were boosted by higher raw material and employment costs , which resulted from the company 's new labor pact effective June 1 . Kawasaki Steel Corp. Along with reduced volume , analysts said the nation 's fifth largest steelmaker was hurt by holding higher - cost inventory when raw material costs of such key products as nickel dropped . Operating profit dropped 46 % in its specialty flat - rolled steel segment . The latest period includes gains of $ 9.1 million from early retirement of debt and tax loss carry - forward . The company noted that its Fox - Meyer Drug Co. , Ben Franklin Stores Inc. and Permian Corp. operations showed improvements as a result of restructuring moves . However , its equity in the net income of National Steel declined to $ 6.3 million from $ 10.9 million as a result of softer demand and lost orders following prolonged labor talks and a threatened strike . 	answer: positive
event: Salomon Brothers Ms. Applebaum estimated third - quarter earnings of 55 cents a share starts before Still Bethlehem 's core basic steel operations experienced a steep drop in operating profit to $ 58.6 million from $ 186.4 million a year ago , when the industry enjoyed strong demand and pricing story: Bethlehem Steel Corp. , hammered by higher costs and lower shipments to key automotive and service - center customers , posted a 54 % drop in third - quarter profit . Bethlehem , the nation 's second largest steelmaker , earned $ 46.9 million , or 54 cents a share . Third - quarter sales dropped 11 % to $ 1.27 billion from $ 1.43 billion a year ago . In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Bethlehem shares rose 50 cents to $ 17.375 . At the same time , production costs , compared with a year ago , were boosted by higher raw material and employment costs , which resulted from the company 's new labor pact effective June 1 . Kawasaki Steel Corp. Along with reduced volume , analysts said the nation 's fifth largest steelmaker was hurt by holding higher - cost inventory when raw material costs of such key products as nickel dropped . Operating profit dropped 46 % in its specialty flat - rolled steel segment . The latest period includes gains of $ 9.1 million from early retirement of debt and tax loss carry - forward . The company noted that its Fox - Meyer Drug Co. , Ben Franklin Stores Inc. and Permian Corp. operations showed improvements as a result of restructuring moves . However , its equity in the net income of National Steel declined to $ 6.3 million from $ 10.9 million as a result of softer demand and lost orders following prolonged labor talks and a threatened strike . 	answer: negative
event: She scheduled to lay flowers at the bombed embassy starts before In Dar es Salaam she laid a wreath next to the crater left by the embassy blast that killed 10 people story: NAIROBI , Kenya ( AP ) ` ` Together , we promise to bring to justice the murderers of our friends , ' ' she told American and Tanzanian workers at the bomb - hit U.S. Embassy in Dar es Salaam , Tanzania . FBI agents , meanwhile , pushed ahead with their all - out investigation into the bombings . Contrary to other reports , the FBI and Kenyan police said Monday that a suspect who was returned from Pakistan had not admitted any role in the crimes or implicated anyone else after three days of questioning . Reporters also were allowed inside for the first time since the explosion and found broken glass and smashed furniture scattered throughout the embassy . Albright helped hang a poster advertising a reward of up to dlrs 2 million for information leading to the bombers ' arrest . Albright announced a gift of 500 pounds ( 225 kilograms ) of medical supplies to Tanzania and Kenya from the Walter Reed Army Medical Center . Officials in the two African countries are counting on substantial compensation along with assurances of aid for the governments , whose key tourism industries were dealt a blow by the bombings . Albright told the foreign minister the American people share in the profound sorrow of the Tanzanians and said the United States will maintain its presence throughout Africa and throughout the world . Officials said last week that six people were in custody for questioning about the bombing . _ left Pakistan today on orders from Washington following a ` ` pattern of threats ' ' against Americans there since the Africa bombings . Other Americans have also been urged to leave . 	answer: positive
event: She scheduled to lay flowers at the bombed embassy starts after In Dar es Salaam she laid a wreath next to the crater left by the embassy blast that killed 10 people story: NAIROBI , Kenya ( AP ) ` ` Together , we promise to bring to justice the murderers of our friends , ' ' she told American and Tanzanian workers at the bomb - hit U.S. Embassy in Dar es Salaam , Tanzania . FBI agents , meanwhile , pushed ahead with their all - out investigation into the bombings . Contrary to other reports , the FBI and Kenyan police said Monday that a suspect who was returned from Pakistan had not admitted any role in the crimes or implicated anyone else after three days of questioning . Reporters also were allowed inside for the first time since the explosion and found broken glass and smashed furniture scattered throughout the embassy . Albright helped hang a poster advertising a reward of up to dlrs 2 million for information leading to the bombers ' arrest . Albright announced a gift of 500 pounds ( 225 kilograms ) of medical supplies to Tanzania and Kenya from the Walter Reed Army Medical Center . Officials in the two African countries are counting on substantial compensation along with assurances of aid for the governments , whose key tourism industries were dealt a blow by the bombings . Albright told the foreign minister the American people share in the profound sorrow of the Tanzanians and said the United States will maintain its presence throughout Africa and throughout the world . Officials said last week that six people were in custody for questioning about the bombing . _ left Pakistan today on orders from Washington following a ` ` pattern of threats ' ' against Americans there since the Africa bombings . Other Americans have also been urged to leave . 	answer: negative
event: In anticipation of the start - up of its new factory the company said a larger - than - normal chassis supply has been built to carry it through the transition period starts after a larger - than - normal chassis supply built to carry it through the transition period story: Oshkosh Truck Corp. , Oshkosh , Wis. , estimated earnings for its fourth quarter ended Sept. 30 fell 50 % to 75 % below the year - earlier $ 4.5 million , or 51 cents a share . The truck maker said the significant drop in net income will result in lower earnings for the fiscal year . In fiscal 1988 , the company earned $ 17.3 million , or $ 1.92 a share , on revenue of $ 352.9 million . Oshkosh Truck attributed the downturn in its earnings to higher start - up costs of its new chassis division , a softer motor - home market and higher administrative costs of compliance with government contractor regulations . The company said it is in the process of phasing out John Deere , its current source of production for midsized motor home chassis . In anticipation of the start - up of its new factory , the company  said a larger - than - normal chassis supply has been  built to carry it through the transition period . 	answer: positive
event: In anticipation of the start - up of its new factory the company said a larger - than - normal chassis supply has been built to carry it through the transition period starts before a larger - than - normal chassis supply built to carry it through the transition period story: Oshkosh Truck Corp. , Oshkosh , Wis. , estimated earnings for its fourth quarter ended Sept. 30 fell 50 % to 75 % below the year - earlier $ 4.5 million , or 51 cents a share . The truck maker said the significant drop in net income will result in lower earnings for the fiscal year . In fiscal 1988 , the company earned $ 17.3 million , or $ 1.92 a share , on revenue of $ 352.9 million . Oshkosh Truck attributed the downturn in its earnings to higher start - up costs of its new chassis division , a softer motor - home market and higher administrative costs of compliance with government contractor regulations . The company said it is in the process of phasing out John Deere , its current source of production for midsized motor home chassis . In anticipation of the start - up of its new factory , the company  said a larger - than - normal chassis supply has been  built to carry it through the transition period . 	answer: negative
event: various information that filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission since Dow Jones launched the offer on Sept. 26 starts before In Delaware Chancery Court litigation Telerate criticized Dow Jones for not disclosing that Telerate 's management expects the company 's revenue to increase by 20 % annually while Dow Jones based its projections of Telerate 's performance on a 12 % revenue growth forecast story: Dow Jones amp Co. extended its tender offer of $ 18 a share , or about $ 576 million , for the 33 % of Telerate Inc. that it does n't already own until 5 p.m. EST , Nov. 6 . The offer , which Telerate 's two independent directors have rejected as inadequate , previously had been scheduled to expire at midnight Friday . In Delaware Chancery Court litigation , Telerate has  criticized Dow Jones for not disclosing that Telerate 's management expects the company 's revenue to increase by 20 % annually , while Dow Jones based its projections of Telerate 's performance on a 12 % revenue growth forecast . In the tender offer supplement , Dow Jones discloses the different growth forecasts but says it views the 20 % growth rate " as a hoped - for goal " of Telerate 's management " and not as a realistic basis on which to project the company 's likely future performance . " Telerate shares fell 50 cents on Friday to close at $ 20 each in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . Dow Jones shares also fell 50 cents to close at $ 36.125 in Big Board composite trading . Dow Jones has said it believes the $ 18-a - share price is fair to Telerate 's minority shareholders . Late last week , representatives of Dow Jones and Telerate began negotiations about the terms of the offer , but those talks did n't result in any changes in the offer . Dow Jones , which owns 67 % of Telerate , publishes The Wall Street Journal , Barron 's magazine , community newspapers and operates financial news services and computer data bases . 	answer: positive
event: various information that filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission since Dow Jones launched the offer on Sept. 26 starts after In Delaware Chancery Court litigation Telerate criticized Dow Jones for not disclosing that Telerate 's management expects the company 's revenue to increase by 20 % annually while Dow Jones based its projections of Telerate 's performance on a 12 % revenue growth forecast story: Dow Jones amp Co. extended its tender offer of $ 18 a share , or about $ 576 million , for the 33 % of Telerate Inc. that it does n't already own until 5 p.m. EST , Nov. 6 . The offer , which Telerate 's two independent directors have rejected as inadequate , previously had been scheduled to expire at midnight Friday . In Delaware Chancery Court litigation , Telerate has  criticized Dow Jones for not disclosing that Telerate 's management expects the company 's revenue to increase by 20 % annually , while Dow Jones based its projections of Telerate 's performance on a 12 % revenue growth forecast . In the tender offer supplement , Dow Jones discloses the different growth forecasts but says it views the 20 % growth rate " as a hoped - for goal " of Telerate 's management " and not as a realistic basis on which to project the company 's likely future performance . " Telerate shares fell 50 cents on Friday to close at $ 20 each in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . Dow Jones shares also fell 50 cents to close at $ 36.125 in Big Board composite trading . Dow Jones has said it believes the $ 18-a - share price is fair to Telerate 's minority shareholders . Late last week , representatives of Dow Jones and Telerate began negotiations about the terms of the offer , but those talks did n't result in any changes in the offer . Dow Jones , which owns 67 % of Telerate , publishes The Wall Street Journal , Barron 's magazine , community newspapers and operates financial news services and computer data bases . 	answer: negative
event: Control Data Corp. , which just months ago was hemorrhaging financially , thinks it will be healthy enough soon to consider repurchasing public debt starts before Moreover the company , whose go - it - alone approach nearly proved fatal , now sees alliances with others as the way back to prosperity in what it calls " the data solutions " business story: " " Transition " is a reference to the company 's five - year restructuring effort . Now , following asset sales that shrank revenue by more than one - third this year alone , Control Data is flush with cash . " Noting that the company is offering to buy back $ 154.2 million in senior notes paying 12 3/4 % , he said the response will help determine future debt - reduction efforts . The offer was automatically triggered by the recent sale of Control Data 's Imprimis disk - drive business to " He said the company has no intention of tapping its short - term bank lines " for a good part of 1990 . " Last week Control Data reported third - quarter earnings of $ 9.8 million , or 23 cents a share , on revenue of $ 763 million . Through the first nine months , the company had a loss of $ 484 million , largely reflecting the closing of its supercomputer unit . " We do n't need the cash . " He would n't elaborate . Partly , costs will be held down through strategic technology alliances , management said . He disclosed that before Control Data scrapped its ETA Systems Inc. supercomputer business this past spring , those costs were running at nearly 35 % of group revenue . At the same time four of six design projects were spiked , he said . " " We 're in environments that are going to spend a lot of money on that . Utilities management is a major commercial niche . Reviewing the company 's scrape with disaster , Mr. Price conceded it had tried to do too much on its own . " 	answer: positive
event: Control Data Corp. , which just months ago was hemorrhaging financially , thinks it will be healthy enough soon to consider repurchasing public debt starts after Moreover the company , whose go - it - alone approach nearly proved fatal , now sees alliances with others as the way back to prosperity in what it calls " the data solutions " business story: " " Transition " is a reference to the company 's five - year restructuring effort . Now , following asset sales that shrank revenue by more than one - third this year alone , Control Data is flush with cash . " Noting that the company is offering to buy back $ 154.2 million in senior notes paying 12 3/4 % , he said the response will help determine future debt - reduction efforts . The offer was automatically triggered by the recent sale of Control Data 's Imprimis disk - drive business to " He said the company has no intention of tapping its short - term bank lines " for a good part of 1990 . " Last week Control Data reported third - quarter earnings of $ 9.8 million , or 23 cents a share , on revenue of $ 763 million . Through the first nine months , the company had a loss of $ 484 million , largely reflecting the closing of its supercomputer unit . " We do n't need the cash . " He would n't elaborate . Partly , costs will be held down through strategic technology alliances , management said . He disclosed that before Control Data scrapped its ETA Systems Inc. supercomputer business this past spring , those costs were running at nearly 35 % of group revenue . At the same time four of six design projects were spiked , he said . " " We 're in environments that are going to spend a lot of money on that . Utilities management is a major commercial niche . Reviewing the company 's scrape with disaster , Mr. Price conceded it had tried to do too much on its own . " 	answer: negative
event: Poland , Hungary and the Czech Republic accepted as members of the Western military alliance after the upper house of the Dutch parliament voted in favor of their inclusion starts before reports reaching here story: BRUSSELS , December 2 ( Xinhua ) -- The ratification process of NATO enlargement concluded on Wednesday after the Netherlands gave its go - ahead . Poland , Hungary and the Czech Republic have been  accepted as members of the Western military alliance after the upper house of the Dutch parliament voted in favor of their inclusion . All the political parties in the upper house , with the exception of the Greens , agreed on the enlargement process , according to reports  reaching here . The lower house already approved the enlargement move in early October this year . The ratification process began in February this year with Canada being the first NATO member state starting the ratification process . It was followed by Denmark , Norway , Germany , France , Greece , Luxembourg , Spain , Britain , the United States , Iceland , Belgium , Italy , Portugal and Turkey . NATO decided at last year 's Madrid summit to invite the three eastern European countries to start accession talks . Poland , Hungary and the Czech Republic are scheduled to become full members of NATO in April next year when the alliance celebrates its 50th anniversary in Washington . 	answer: positive
event: Poland , Hungary and the Czech Republic accepted as members of the Western military alliance after the upper house of the Dutch parliament voted in favor of their inclusion starts after reports reaching here story: BRUSSELS , December 2 ( Xinhua ) -- The ratification process of NATO enlargement concluded on Wednesday after the Netherlands gave its go - ahead . Poland , Hungary and the Czech Republic have been  accepted as members of the Western military alliance after the upper house of the Dutch parliament voted in favor of their inclusion . All the political parties in the upper house , with the exception of the Greens , agreed on the enlargement process , according to reports  reaching here . The lower house already approved the enlargement move in early October this year . The ratification process began in February this year with Canada being the first NATO member state starting the ratification process . It was followed by Denmark , Norway , Germany , France , Greece , Luxembourg , Spain , Britain , the United States , Iceland , Belgium , Italy , Portugal and Turkey . NATO decided at last year 's Madrid summit to invite the three eastern European countries to start accession talks . Poland , Hungary and the Czech Republic are scheduled to become full members of NATO in April next year when the alliance celebrates its 50th anniversary in Washington . 	answer: negative
event: investigators think the doctor 's killer buried the rifle in the days before the shooting , unearthed the weapon to fire the fatal shots , then hurriedly reburied it and fled starts after the doctor 's killer then hurriedly reburied it story: Federal law enforcement officials said Wednesday that they had concluded that James Kopp , an impassioned and nomadic opponent of abortion , fired the shots that killed a Buffalo , N.Y. , abortion - clinic doctor last October . Based on physical evidence _ including a rifle found in April month buried near the doctor 's house and a match between fibers found near the murder and others found in Kopp 's car _ officials said they had decided to issue a warrant for his arrest in the killing of Dr. Barnett Slepian . Erie County District Attorney Frank Clark , Bernard Tolbert , the special FBI agent in charge of the Buffalo office , and other investigators will also be there . Since there is no federal homicide statute as such , the federal officials said Kopp could be charged under the recent Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act , which provides for a sentence of up to life imprisonment for someone convicted of physical assaults or threats against abortion providers . If Kopp were also indicted and convicted on state murder charges , he could face the death penalty . Clark , the Erie district attorney , said afterwards that investigators  think the doctor 's killer buried the rifle in the days before the shooting , unearthed the weapon to fire the fatal shots , then hurriedly  reburied it and fled . A jogger observed Kopp 's car at 6 a.m. near Slepian 's home 10 days before the murder , and , curious why a stranger would be parked there so early , wrote down the license plate number . 	answer: positive
event: investigators think the doctor 's killer buried the rifle in the days before the shooting , unearthed the weapon to fire the fatal shots , then hurriedly reburied it and fled starts before the doctor 's killer then hurriedly reburied it story: Federal law enforcement officials said Wednesday that they had concluded that James Kopp , an impassioned and nomadic opponent of abortion , fired the shots that killed a Buffalo , N.Y. , abortion - clinic doctor last October . Based on physical evidence _ including a rifle found in April month buried near the doctor 's house and a match between fibers found near the murder and others found in Kopp 's car _ officials said they had decided to issue a warrant for his arrest in the killing of Dr. Barnett Slepian . Erie County District Attorney Frank Clark , Bernard Tolbert , the special FBI agent in charge of the Buffalo office , and other investigators will also be there . Since there is no federal homicide statute as such , the federal officials said Kopp could be charged under the recent Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act , which provides for a sentence of up to life imprisonment for someone convicted of physical assaults or threats against abortion providers . If Kopp were also indicted and convicted on state murder charges , he could face the death penalty . Clark , the Erie district attorney , said afterwards that investigators  think the doctor 's killer buried the rifle in the days before the shooting , unearthed the weapon to fire the fatal shots , then hurriedly  reburied it and fled . A jogger observed Kopp 's car at 6 a.m. near Slepian 's home 10 days before the murder , and , curious why a stranger would be parked there so early , wrote down the license plate number . 	answer: negative
event: Through his lawyers Mr. Antar denied allegations in the SEC suit and in civil suits previously filed by shareholders against Mr. Antar and others starts after civil suits previously filed by shareholders against Mr. Antar and others story: The government is sharpening its newest weapon against white - collar defendants : the power to prevent them from paying their legal bills . And defense lawyers are warning that they wo n't stick around if they do n't get paid . The issue has come to a boil in Newark , N.J. , where federal prosecutors have warned lawyers for Eddie Antar that if the founder and former chairman of Crazy Eddie Inc. is indicted , the government may move to seize the money that Mr. Antar is using to pay legal fees . The warning by the U.S. attorney 's office follows two decisions by the U.S. Supreme Court last June . In those cases , the high court ruled that federal law gives prosecutors broad authority to seize assets of people accused of racketeering and drug - related crimes , including fees paid to lawyers before an indictment . If the government succeeds in seizing Mr. Antar 's assets , he could be left without top - flight legal representation , because his attorneys are likely to quit , according to individuals familiar with the case . " In a letter , prosecutors told Mr. Antar 's lawyers that because of the recent Supreme Court rulings , they could expect that any fees collected from Mr. Antar may be seized . Therefore , they said , the money can be taken from the lawyers even after they are paid . Through his lawyers , Mr. Antar has  denied allegations in the SEC suit and in civil suits previously  filed by shareholders against Mr. Antar and others . The Justice Department has emphasized that the government 's fee - forfeiture power is to be used sparingly . 	answer: positive
event: Through his lawyers Mr. Antar denied allegations in the SEC suit and in civil suits previously filed by shareholders against Mr. Antar and others starts before civil suits previously filed by shareholders against Mr. Antar and others story: The government is sharpening its newest weapon against white - collar defendants : the power to prevent them from paying their legal bills . And defense lawyers are warning that they wo n't stick around if they do n't get paid . The issue has come to a boil in Newark , N.J. , where federal prosecutors have warned lawyers for Eddie Antar that if the founder and former chairman of Crazy Eddie Inc. is indicted , the government may move to seize the money that Mr. Antar is using to pay legal fees . The warning by the U.S. attorney 's office follows two decisions by the U.S. Supreme Court last June . In those cases , the high court ruled that federal law gives prosecutors broad authority to seize assets of people accused of racketeering and drug - related crimes , including fees paid to lawyers before an indictment . If the government succeeds in seizing Mr. Antar 's assets , he could be left without top - flight legal representation , because his attorneys are likely to quit , according to individuals familiar with the case . " In a letter , prosecutors told Mr. Antar 's lawyers that because of the recent Supreme Court rulings , they could expect that any fees collected from Mr. Antar may be seized . Therefore , they said , the money can be taken from the lawyers even after they are paid . Through his lawyers , Mr. Antar has  denied allegations in the SEC suit and in civil suits previously  filed by shareholders against Mr. Antar and others . The Justice Department has emphasized that the government 's fee - forfeiture power is to be used sparingly . 	answer: negative
event: Howard said starts after Even in his own Cabinet Howard becoming increasingly isolated with his monarchist stance story: Prime Minister John Howard , a monarchist himself , promised to put the question to a national referendum next year after convention delegates voted 89 - 52 for a republic , with 11 abstentions . Treasurer Peter Costello , Environment Minister Robert Hill and Attorney General Daryl Williams all voted to support the republic Friday . Calling for an amended constitution with a new preamble , to be written by Australian poets , republican Janet Holmes a Court said , ` ` We need the smell of eucalyptus in this , and the feel of red dust . ' ' Australia has been independent since 1901 , but like many Commonwealth nations it still recognizes the British monarch as its head of state . ` ` She is , I can assure you , from what I 've been told , she 's following the thing very closely and taking the view it 's our business . she is a 20th century democrat , understands that the role of the crown in Australia rests in the hands of the Australian people as it has for almost a hundred years . ' ' The model for a republic , adopted over bitter objections from those advocating direct election of a president , is for presidential nominations to be made with public input and the winning candidate decided by a two - thirds majority of Parliament . ` ` This is an important step along the path towards Australia claiming its full sovereignty , and due recognition that the monarchy can no longer serve us appropriately , ' ' Keating said . 	answer: positive
event: Howard said starts before Even in his own Cabinet Howard becoming increasingly isolated with his monarchist stance story: Prime Minister John Howard , a monarchist himself , promised to put the question to a national referendum next year after convention delegates voted 89 - 52 for a republic , with 11 abstentions . Treasurer Peter Costello , Environment Minister Robert Hill and Attorney General Daryl Williams all voted to support the republic Friday . Calling for an amended constitution with a new preamble , to be written by Australian poets , republican Janet Holmes a Court said , ` ` We need the smell of eucalyptus in this , and the feel of red dust . ' ' Australia has been independent since 1901 , but like many Commonwealth nations it still recognizes the British monarch as its head of state . ` ` She is , I can assure you , from what I 've been told , she 's following the thing very closely and taking the view it 's our business . she is a 20th century democrat , understands that the role of the crown in Australia rests in the hands of the Australian people as it has for almost a hundred years . ' ' The model for a republic , adopted over bitter objections from those advocating direct election of a president , is for presidential nominations to be made with public input and the winning candidate decided by a two - thirds majority of Parliament . ` ` This is an important step along the path towards Australia claiming its full sovereignty , and due recognition that the monarchy can no longer serve us appropriately , ' ' Keating said . 	answer: negative
event: Kopp driven to Mexico by a female friend after the shooting starts before They believe Kopp was driven to Mexico by a female friend after the shooting , and have a trail of her credit card receipts leading to Mexico the federal officials said story: Preliminary DNA tests link a missing anti - abortion activist to a strand of hair found near where a sniper shot and killed a Buffalo , N.Y. , doctor who performed abortions , a law enforcement official said Friday . The first DNA tests did not exclude a match between the two strands . Kopp has eluded authorities since they obtained a warrant for him as a material witness in the Oct. 23 sniper shooting of Dr. Barnett Slepian , a 52-year - old obstetrician - gynecologist who performed abortions . This more extensive set of tests could enable officials to declare an absolute match between the two hair strands , the first law enforcement official said . ` ` Ultimately , we would need to have a hair taken directly from Kopp himself to establish conclusively the hair from scene is his , ' ' the official added . Last week , FBI Director Louis Freeh , on an official visit to Mexico , asked Mexican authorities to join the hunt for Kopp , federal officials have said . They believe Kopp was  driven to Mexico by a female friend after the shooting , and have a trail of her credit card receipts leading to Mexico , the federal officials have  said . In addition , a Customs Service videotape from a border crossing point shows the woman 's car returning from Mexico , these officials said . Authorities obtained a material - witness arrest warrant for Kopp after they said Kopp 's car was spotted in Amherst in the weeks before Slepian was killed . Kopp 's 1987 Chevrolet Cavalier was discovered last month at Newark , N.J. , International Airport , the FBI said . 	answer: positive
event: Kopp driven to Mexico by a female friend after the shooting starts after They believe Kopp was driven to Mexico by a female friend after the shooting , and have a trail of her credit card receipts leading to Mexico the federal officials said story: Preliminary DNA tests link a missing anti - abortion activist to a strand of hair found near where a sniper shot and killed a Buffalo , N.Y. , doctor who performed abortions , a law enforcement official said Friday . The first DNA tests did not exclude a match between the two strands . Kopp has eluded authorities since they obtained a warrant for him as a material witness in the Oct. 23 sniper shooting of Dr. Barnett Slepian , a 52-year - old obstetrician - gynecologist who performed abortions . This more extensive set of tests could enable officials to declare an absolute match between the two hair strands , the first law enforcement official said . ` ` Ultimately , we would need to have a hair taken directly from Kopp himself to establish conclusively the hair from scene is his , ' ' the official added . Last week , FBI Director Louis Freeh , on an official visit to Mexico , asked Mexican authorities to join the hunt for Kopp , federal officials have said . They believe Kopp was  driven to Mexico by a female friend after the shooting , and have a trail of her credit card receipts leading to Mexico , the federal officials have  said . In addition , a Customs Service videotape from a border crossing point shows the woman 's car returning from Mexico , these officials said . Authorities obtained a material - witness arrest warrant for Kopp after they said Kopp 's car was spotted in Amherst in the weeks before Slepian was killed . Kopp 's 1987 Chevrolet Cavalier was discovered last month at Newark , N.J. , International Airport , the FBI said . 	answer: negative
event: became the subject of an international manhunt in November when he was called a witness in the case starts after He using deadly force against an abortion doctor story: BUFFALO , N.Y. ( AP ) -- Dr. Barnett Slepian , just back from synagogue , was heating soup in his kitchen last fall when he was gunned down with a single shot through a window . But for the first time , authorities have named a suspect in the slaying -- anti - abortion activist James Kopp . ` ` Today , I 'm here to tell you we have our suspect , ' ' said Bernard Tolbert , special agent - in - charge of the FBI 's Buffalo office . Kopp , 44 , of St. Albans , Vt . ,  became the subject of an international manhunt in November when he was called a witness in the case . He was charged Thursday in state and federal complaints with second - degree murder and with violating the Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act by  using deadly force against an abortion doctor . Both charges carry a penalty of up to life in prison . Kopp 's whereabouts remain unknown . Slepian , 52 , was shot with a rifle . Kopp also has been linked , through DNA testing , to a strand of hair found near where the sniper fired , law enforcement sources have said . Nicknamed the ` ` Atomic Dog ' ' in anti - abortion circles , Kopp had been arrested in several states since 1990 for protesting abortion . Kopp is now the second anti - abortion activist being sought by the FBI as a suspect in a fatal attack . He also is charged in three Atlanta attacks , including the 1996 Olympic bombing that killed one person . 	answer: positive
event: became the subject of an international manhunt in November when he was called a witness in the case starts before He using deadly force against an abortion doctor story: BUFFALO , N.Y. ( AP ) -- Dr. Barnett Slepian , just back from synagogue , was heating soup in his kitchen last fall when he was gunned down with a single shot through a window . But for the first time , authorities have named a suspect in the slaying -- anti - abortion activist James Kopp . ` ` Today , I 'm here to tell you we have our suspect , ' ' said Bernard Tolbert , special agent - in - charge of the FBI 's Buffalo office . Kopp , 44 , of St. Albans , Vt . ,  became the subject of an international manhunt in November when he was called a witness in the case . He was charged Thursday in state and federal complaints with second - degree murder and with violating the Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act by  using deadly force against an abortion doctor . Both charges carry a penalty of up to life in prison . Kopp 's whereabouts remain unknown . Slepian , 52 , was shot with a rifle . Kopp also has been linked , through DNA testing , to a strand of hair found near where the sniper fired , law enforcement sources have said . Nicknamed the ` ` Atomic Dog ' ' in anti - abortion circles , Kopp had been arrested in several states since 1990 for protesting abortion . Kopp is now the second anti - abortion activist being sought by the FBI as a suspect in a fatal attack . He also is charged in three Atlanta attacks , including the 1996 Olympic bombing that killed one person . 	answer: negative
event: Meridian National Corp. said it sold 750,000 shares of its common stock to the McAlpine family interests , for $ 1 million , or $ 1.35 a share starts after it sold 750,000 shares of its common stock to the McAlpine family interests for $ 1 million , or $ 1.35 a share story: Meridian National Corp.  said it  sold 750,000 shares of its common stock to the McAlpine family interests , for $ 1 million , or $ 1.35 a share . The sale represents 10.2 % of Meridian 's shares outstanding . The McAlpine family , which operates a number of multinational companies , including a London - based engineering and construction company , also lent to Meridian National $ 500,000 . That amount is convertible into shares of Meridian common stock at $ 2 a share during its one - year term . The loan may be extended by the McAlpine group for an additional year with an increase in the conversion price to $ 2.50 a share . The sale of shares to the McAlpine family along with the recent sale of 750,000 shares of Meridian stock to Haden MacLellan Holding PLC of Surrey , England and a recent public offering have increased Meridian 's net worth to $ 8.5 million , said William Feniger , chief executive officer of Toledo , Ohio - based Meridian . 	answer: positive
event: Meridian National Corp. said it sold 750,000 shares of its common stock to the McAlpine family interests , for $ 1 million , or $ 1.35 a share starts before it sold 750,000 shares of its common stock to the McAlpine family interests for $ 1 million , or $ 1.35 a share story: Meridian National Corp.  said it  sold 750,000 shares of its common stock to the McAlpine family interests , for $ 1 million , or $ 1.35 a share . The sale represents 10.2 % of Meridian 's shares outstanding . The McAlpine family , which operates a number of multinational companies , including a London - based engineering and construction company , also lent to Meridian National $ 500,000 . That amount is convertible into shares of Meridian common stock at $ 2 a share during its one - year term . The loan may be extended by the McAlpine group for an additional year with an increase in the conversion price to $ 2.50 a share . The sale of shares to the McAlpine family along with the recent sale of 750,000 shares of Meridian stock to Haden MacLellan Holding PLC of Surrey , England and a recent public offering have increased Meridian 's net worth to $ 8.5 million , said William Feniger , chief executive officer of Toledo , Ohio - based Meridian . 	answer: negative
event: it delaying construction because of current market conditions starts before the Memphis , Tenn. , facility turning product story: The oat - bran craze has cost the world 's largest cereal maker market share . The company said it was  delaying construction because of current market conditions . Kellogg 's current share is believed to be slightly under 40 % while General Mills ' share is about 27 % . Each share point is worth about $ 60 million in sales . Kellogg is so anxious to turn around Corn Flakes sales that it soon will begin selling boxes for as little as 99 cents , trade sources say . Cheerios and Honey Nut Cheerios have eaten away sales normally going to Kellogg 's corn - based lines simply because they are made of oats , " says Merrill Lynch food analyst William Maguire . Another analyst , John C. Maxwell Jr. of Wheat , First Securities in Richmond , Va. , recently went to a " sell " recommendation on Kellogg stock , which closed Friday at $ 71.75 , down 75 cents , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . Kellogg 's main problem is life style . Kellogg indicated that it has room to grow without adding facilities . The company has five other U.S. plants , including a modern facility at its Battle Creek headquarters known as Building 100 , which is to add bran - processing and rice - processing capacity next year . General Mills , meanwhile , finds itself constrained from boosting sales further because its plants are operating at capacity . Sales rose 4.8 % to $ 1.20 billion from $ 1.14 billion . The company had a one - time charge of $ 14.8 million in the latest quarter covering the disposition of certain assets . 	answer: positive
event: it delaying construction because of current market conditions starts after the Memphis , Tenn. , facility turning product story: The oat - bran craze has cost the world 's largest cereal maker market share . The company said it was  delaying construction because of current market conditions . Kellogg 's current share is believed to be slightly under 40 % while General Mills ' share is about 27 % . Each share point is worth about $ 60 million in sales . Kellogg is so anxious to turn around Corn Flakes sales that it soon will begin selling boxes for as little as 99 cents , trade sources say . Cheerios and Honey Nut Cheerios have eaten away sales normally going to Kellogg 's corn - based lines simply because they are made of oats , " says Merrill Lynch food analyst William Maguire . Another analyst , John C. Maxwell Jr. of Wheat , First Securities in Richmond , Va. , recently went to a " sell " recommendation on Kellogg stock , which closed Friday at $ 71.75 , down 75 cents , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . Kellogg 's main problem is life style . Kellogg indicated that it has room to grow without adding facilities . The company has five other U.S. plants , including a modern facility at its Battle Creek headquarters known as Building 100 , which is to add bran - processing and rice - processing capacity next year . General Mills , meanwhile , finds itself constrained from boosting sales further because its plants are operating at capacity . Sales rose 4.8 % to $ 1.20 billion from $ 1.14 billion . The company had a one - time charge of $ 14.8 million in the latest quarter covering the disposition of certain assets . 	answer: negative
event: His mother and 10 others trying to reach the United States starts before For the past two months Elian 's father demanded that the boy be returned to him in Cuba story: ` ` The mother was practically kidnapped along with the boy ' ' to make the late - November trip , Castro said . Wearing their red Communist Pioneer neckerchiefs , a string of young boys and girls recited poems they wrote for Elian , dubbed Cuba 's ` ` boy hero ' ' and ` ` symbolic child , ' ' and for Marti , commonly known on the island as Cuba 's ` ` teacher ' ' and ` ` apostle . ' ' The Communist Party daily Granma compared Elian with revolutionary icon Ernesto ' But this year , children wore T - shirts bearing Elian 's portrait with their school uniforms . For the past two months , Elian 's father has  demanded that the boy be returned to him in Cuba , and the U.S. government has said that father and son should be reunited . But Elian 's paternal great - uncle in the United States , backed by the anti - Castro Cuban American National Foundation , is fighting in the courts to keep the boy in Miami . It offered more details and criticisms of the perceived treatment that Elian 's grandmothers , Mariela Quintana and Raquel Rodriguez , received from O'Laughlin , the Miami relatives and other anti - Castro Cubans during the encounter . In an interview with the Spanish language broadcast of CNN , Elian 's father also criticized how the meeting was handled . He repeated charges that his relatives and others in Miami had offered him money to stay in the United States with his son . ` ` They are not going to buy me , ' ' said Juan Miguel Gonzalez . 	answer: positive
event: His mother and 10 others trying to reach the United States starts after For the past two months Elian 's father demanded that the boy be returned to him in Cuba story: ` ` The mother was practically kidnapped along with the boy ' ' to make the late - November trip , Castro said . Wearing their red Communist Pioneer neckerchiefs , a string of young boys and girls recited poems they wrote for Elian , dubbed Cuba 's ` ` boy hero ' ' and ` ` symbolic child , ' ' and for Marti , commonly known on the island as Cuba 's ` ` teacher ' ' and ` ` apostle . ' ' The Communist Party daily Granma compared Elian with revolutionary icon Ernesto ' But this year , children wore T - shirts bearing Elian 's portrait with their school uniforms . For the past two months , Elian 's father has  demanded that the boy be returned to him in Cuba , and the U.S. government has said that father and son should be reunited . But Elian 's paternal great - uncle in the United States , backed by the anti - Castro Cuban American National Foundation , is fighting in the courts to keep the boy in Miami . It offered more details and criticisms of the perceived treatment that Elian 's grandmothers , Mariela Quintana and Raquel Rodriguez , received from O'Laughlin , the Miami relatives and other anti - Castro Cubans during the encounter . In an interview with the Spanish language broadcast of CNN , Elian 's father also criticized how the meeting was handled . He repeated charges that his relatives and others in Miami had offered him money to stay in the United States with his son . ` ` They are not going to buy me , ' ' said Juan Miguel Gonzalez . 	answer: negative
event: they obtained a warrant for him as a material witness in the Oct. 23 sniper shooting of Dr. Barnett Slepian , a 52-year - old obstetrician - gynecologist who performed abortions starts after a 52-year - old obstetrician - gynecologist who performed abortions story: WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- Preliminary DNA tests link a missing anti - abortion activist to a strand of hair found near where a sniper shot and killed a Buffalo , N.Y. , doctor who performed abortions , a law enforcement official said Friday . The first round of DNA tests on the hair at the FBI Laboratory here established a high probability it came from the same person as a hair found in a New Jersey home where James C. Kopp , a 44-year - old anti - abortion protester , lived last year , the official said . The first DNA tests did not exclude a match between the two strands . The official said the hair was in a cap that authorities found very near the location from which the sniper is thought to have fired the rifle bullet that killed Slepian as he stood in the kitchen of his home in the Buffalo suburb of Amherst , They believe Kopp was driven to Mexico by a female friend after the shooting , and have a trail of her credit card receipts leading to Mexico , the federal officials have said . Authorities obtained a material - witness arrest warrant for Kopp after they said Kopp 's car was spotted in Amherst in the weeks before Slepian was killed . Kopp 's 1987 Chevrolet Cavalier was discovered last month at Newark , N.J. , International Airport , the FBI said . The car had been in the long - term lot for about two weeks , said Greg Trevor , a spokesman for the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey . 	answer: positive
event: they obtained a warrant for him as a material witness in the Oct. 23 sniper shooting of Dr. Barnett Slepian , a 52-year - old obstetrician - gynecologist who performed abortions starts before a 52-year - old obstetrician - gynecologist who performed abortions story: WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- Preliminary DNA tests link a missing anti - abortion activist to a strand of hair found near where a sniper shot and killed a Buffalo , N.Y. , doctor who performed abortions , a law enforcement official said Friday . The first round of DNA tests on the hair at the FBI Laboratory here established a high probability it came from the same person as a hair found in a New Jersey home where James C. Kopp , a 44-year - old anti - abortion protester , lived last year , the official said . The first DNA tests did not exclude a match between the two strands . The official said the hair was in a cap that authorities found very near the location from which the sniper is thought to have fired the rifle bullet that killed Slepian as he stood in the kitchen of his home in the Buffalo suburb of Amherst , They believe Kopp was driven to Mexico by a female friend after the shooting , and have a trail of her credit card receipts leading to Mexico , the federal officials have said . Authorities obtained a material - witness arrest warrant for Kopp after they said Kopp 's car was spotted in Amherst in the weeks before Slepian was killed . Kopp 's 1987 Chevrolet Cavalier was discovered last month at Newark , N.J. , International Airport , the FBI said . The car had been in the long - term lot for about two weeks , said Greg Trevor , a spokesman for the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey . 	answer: negative
event: The U.N. Security Council on Aug. 6 ordered a global embargo on trade with Iraq as punishment for seizing Kuwait starts before Bush then sent U.S. troops and planes to Saudi Arabia saying Iraqi troops massed nearby in Kuwait threatened Saudi Arabia and its vast oil reserves story: Soviet officials also said Soviet women , children and invalids would be allowed to leave Iraq . Iran said an Iraqi diplomatic delegation was en route to Tehran to deliver Saddam 's message , which it said it would review ` ` with optimism . ' ' The Soviet Foreign Ministry said Soviet women , children and invalids would be permitted to leave Iraq . Spokesman Yuri Gremitskikh said the first group of 230 evacuees was assembling in Baghdad today , but evacuation plans were hampered by desert heat and lack of transportation . Iraq has control of 20 percent of the world 's oil reserves . Egyptian and Moroccan troops are already there . The predominantly Moslem nation of Bangladesh said today its troops would join multinational forces in Saudi Arabia . The size of the contingent was not disclosed . Turkey and Saudi Arabia in effect shut down Iraq 's major oil outlets through those countries , but according to Jordanian officials , a smaller line into Jordan remained operating . In exchange , the buildup of U.S. forces in the region would halt . The embargo is meant to cripple Iraq by cutting off its exports of oil and imports of food and military supplies . U.S. allies and other U.N. members have objected that the Security Council embargo resolution did not specifically authorize such a naval operation . Bush told a news conference on Tuesday that the naval barricade now in force might be extended to Jordan 's Aqaba ` ` if it is a hole through which commerce flows ' ' in and out of Iraq . Iraq has 17 million residents , and Kuwait about 1.9 million . 	answer: positive
event: The U.N. Security Council on Aug. 6 ordered a global embargo on trade with Iraq as punishment for seizing Kuwait starts after Bush then sent U.S. troops and planes to Saudi Arabia saying Iraqi troops massed nearby in Kuwait threatened Saudi Arabia and its vast oil reserves story: Soviet officials also said Soviet women , children and invalids would be allowed to leave Iraq . Iran said an Iraqi diplomatic delegation was en route to Tehran to deliver Saddam 's message , which it said it would review ` ` with optimism . ' ' The Soviet Foreign Ministry said Soviet women , children and invalids would be permitted to leave Iraq . Spokesman Yuri Gremitskikh said the first group of 230 evacuees was assembling in Baghdad today , but evacuation plans were hampered by desert heat and lack of transportation . Iraq has control of 20 percent of the world 's oil reserves . Egyptian and Moroccan troops are already there . The predominantly Moslem nation of Bangladesh said today its troops would join multinational forces in Saudi Arabia . The size of the contingent was not disclosed . Turkey and Saudi Arabia in effect shut down Iraq 's major oil outlets through those countries , but according to Jordanian officials , a smaller line into Jordan remained operating . In exchange , the buildup of U.S. forces in the region would halt . The embargo is meant to cripple Iraq by cutting off its exports of oil and imports of food and military supplies . U.S. allies and other U.N. members have objected that the Security Council embargo resolution did not specifically authorize such a naval operation . Bush told a news conference on Tuesday that the naval barricade now in force might be extended to Jordan 's Aqaba ` ` if it is a hole through which commerce flows ' ' in and out of Iraq . Iraq has 17 million residents , and Kuwait about 1.9 million . 	answer: negative
event: It helped us to win starts before It helped us to win Geremek said story: The North Atlantic Treaty Organization embraced three of its former rivals , the Czech Republic , Hungary and Poland on Friday , formally ending the Soviet domination of those nations that began after World War II and opening a new path for the military alliance . ` ` Poland forever returns where she has always belonged _ the free world , ' ' said Bronislaw Geremek , the foreign minister of Poland , who was a dissident during the Communist era . Geremek said he had brought some appropriate mementoes from Poland to the Truman library , including a campaign poster from 1989 when the anti - communist Solidarity forces won against the Communists . Similarly , the Hungarian foreign minister , Janos Martonyi , who remembers the 1956 uprising as a 13-year - old , said that membership of NATO meant that Hungary was returning ` ` to her natural habitat . ' ' But Martonyi also emphasized that Hungary understood NATO membership carried with it obligations as well as privileges . The location for Friday 's ceremony was chosen by Albright , who as secretary of state is the depository of NATO 's accession accords . The Clinton administration embarked on the expansion of NATO in 1993 after Clinton met in Washington with President Havel and Lech Walesa , who was then the president of Poland . These conversations are remembered by Clinton 's foreign policy team because they took place after the opening of the Holocaust Museum and because they involved two very different Central European leaders who brought the same message . ` ` We want our membership of NATO to serve as a ` catalyst ' for Polish Russian co - operation , ' ' he said last year . 	answer: positive
event: It helped us to win starts after It helped us to win Geremek said story: The North Atlantic Treaty Organization embraced three of its former rivals , the Czech Republic , Hungary and Poland on Friday , formally ending the Soviet domination of those nations that began after World War II and opening a new path for the military alliance . ` ` Poland forever returns where she has always belonged _ the free world , ' ' said Bronislaw Geremek , the foreign minister of Poland , who was a dissident during the Communist era . Geremek said he had brought some appropriate mementoes from Poland to the Truman library , including a campaign poster from 1989 when the anti - communist Solidarity forces won against the Communists . Similarly , the Hungarian foreign minister , Janos Martonyi , who remembers the 1956 uprising as a 13-year - old , said that membership of NATO meant that Hungary was returning ` ` to her natural habitat . ' ' But Martonyi also emphasized that Hungary understood NATO membership carried with it obligations as well as privileges . The location for Friday 's ceremony was chosen by Albright , who as secretary of state is the depository of NATO 's accession accords . The Clinton administration embarked on the expansion of NATO in 1993 after Clinton met in Washington with President Havel and Lech Walesa , who was then the president of Poland . These conversations are remembered by Clinton 's foreign policy team because they took place after the opening of the Holocaust Museum and because they involved two very different Central European leaders who brought the same message . ` ` We want our membership of NATO to serve as a ` catalyst ' for Polish Russian co - operation , ' ' he said last year . 	answer: negative
event: The academy bought a hundred acres in Loudon county , Virginia , starts before warning the school could bring thousands of Middle Eastern strangers and terrorists story: Tomorrow the board of supervisors of Loudon county , Virginia , will vote on whether a school now located in Mount Vernon can relocate to their county . The World 's Nancy Marshalll has our story . The instruction is in English for most classes , in Arabic for language and religious studies . They 're learning a civics lesson from the residents of Loudon county . The academy  bought a hundred acres in Loudon county , Virginia , and asked for permission to build a fifty million dollar campus . Some residents of the mostly white , mostly middle class area became alarmed . James Zogby of the Arab American Institute says it 's a familiar story . a- at a very deep level in our culture , um I think , a sense of , of ignorance about Islam , a fear about who Muslims are and what they 're doing . Pastor James Allmen of the fellowship church and school in Ashburn has led the anti - Saudi campaign . That 's correct . We do not further the purpose of human rights in the world by violating the human rights under our own constitution . But opponents said the school might be a target for terrorist attacks , complained about its tax exempt status , and wondered why the Saudis are not compelled to allow Christians to worship in their country . Loudon county officials say they 'll rule on the application based only on land use issues and ignore all the other objections . According to the Arab American institute , Islam will one day be the second largest religion in the country . For The World , I 'm Nancy Marshalll . 	answer: positive
event: The academy bought a hundred acres in Loudon county , Virginia , starts after warning the school could bring thousands of Middle Eastern strangers and terrorists story: Tomorrow the board of supervisors of Loudon county , Virginia , will vote on whether a school now located in Mount Vernon can relocate to their county . The World 's Nancy Marshalll has our story . The instruction is in English for most classes , in Arabic for language and religious studies . They 're learning a civics lesson from the residents of Loudon county . The academy  bought a hundred acres in Loudon county , Virginia , and asked for permission to build a fifty million dollar campus . Some residents of the mostly white , mostly middle class area became alarmed . James Zogby of the Arab American Institute says it 's a familiar story . a- at a very deep level in our culture , um I think , a sense of , of ignorance about Islam , a fear about who Muslims are and what they 're doing . Pastor James Allmen of the fellowship church and school in Ashburn has led the anti - Saudi campaign . That 's correct . We do not further the purpose of human rights in the world by violating the human rights under our own constitution . But opponents said the school might be a target for terrorist attacks , complained about its tax exempt status , and wondered why the Saudis are not compelled to allow Christians to worship in their country . Loudon county officials say they 'll rule on the application based only on land use issues and ignore all the other objections . According to the Arab American institute , Islam will one day be the second largest religion in the country . For The World , I 'm Nancy Marshalll . 	answer: negative
event: He arrested more than a dozen times during abortion protests in seven states and Italy starts before The FBI says Kopp has used 29 aliases story: Canadian authorities issued a nationwide arrest warrant Monday for James Charles Kopp , a U.S. fugitive on the FBI 's most wanted list for an alleged anti - abortion murder . Kopp also is wanted for questioning in at least two other shootings of doctors who performed abortions . The Canadian warrant issued Monday charged Kopp with attempted murder in the 1995 shooting of Dr. Hugh Short , who was wounded in the elbow but survived the attack at his home in Ancaster , Ontario . ` ` It allows us to spread his name far and wide across Canada and say that he is wanted for attempted murder , ' ' said police Inspector Dave Bowen . He also is wanted in connection with the shooting of doctors in Winnipeg , Vancouver and Rochester , New York . Slepian was killed by a single gunshot fired from a wooded area through a window of his home . Kopp purports to be a devout Roman Catholic , and the majority of jobs he has held over the past 20 years have been related to the anti - abortion movement , the U.S. Justice Department said last year . He has been  arrested more than a dozen times during abortion protests in seven states and Italy . The FBI  says Kopp has used 29 aliases . He was the 456th person to be placed on the FBI 's most wanted list , which began in 1950 . Since then , 427 fugitives have been taken into custody or located , 133 of them as a result of citizen assistance , the FBI said . A total of $ 650,000 is being offered in the United States for information leading to Kopp 's arrest . 	answer: positive
event: He arrested more than a dozen times during abortion protests in seven states and Italy starts after The FBI says Kopp has used 29 aliases story: Canadian authorities issued a nationwide arrest warrant Monday for James Charles Kopp , a U.S. fugitive on the FBI 's most wanted list for an alleged anti - abortion murder . Kopp also is wanted for questioning in at least two other shootings of doctors who performed abortions . The Canadian warrant issued Monday charged Kopp with attempted murder in the 1995 shooting of Dr. Hugh Short , who was wounded in the elbow but survived the attack at his home in Ancaster , Ontario . ` ` It allows us to spread his name far and wide across Canada and say that he is wanted for attempted murder , ' ' said police Inspector Dave Bowen . He also is wanted in connection with the shooting of doctors in Winnipeg , Vancouver and Rochester , New York . Slepian was killed by a single gunshot fired from a wooded area through a window of his home . Kopp purports to be a devout Roman Catholic , and the majority of jobs he has held over the past 20 years have been related to the anti - abortion movement , the U.S. Justice Department said last year . He has been  arrested more than a dozen times during abortion protests in seven states and Italy . The FBI  says Kopp has used 29 aliases . He was the 456th person to be placed on the FBI 's most wanted list , which began in 1950 . Since then , 427 fugitives have been taken into custody or located , 133 of them as a result of citizen assistance , the FBI said . A total of $ 650,000 is being offered in the United States for information leading to Kopp 's arrest . 	answer: negative
event: asking for custody of Elian so that he could help reunite the boy with his father in Cuba starts before a move that many see as courageous and principled story: MIAMI _ But the great - uncle of 6-year - old shipwreck survivor rafter Elian Gonzalez only ducked his head and walked faster . Until this week . Alone among his two brothers and two sisters who have fled Cuba for Miami , Manuel Gonzalez believes Elian should go back to Cuba to live with his father . Reno denied the request , but Manuel Gonzalez did n't back down . ' But the family has overcome steep obstacles before . Of the nine brothers and sisters of Manuel 's generation , five have come to Miami , while three remain in Cuba and one has passed away . Labeled ` ` worms ' ' and ` ` traitors ' ' by Castro , many were n't able to speak to _ much less visit _ their relatives for years . Prior to Elian , the Gonzalez family apparently was no different . The branches of the family regularly talked by telephone and the Miami relatives went back to Cuba for several family reunions . But Elian 's case has broken down the family 's fragile truce , with their political differences exacerbated by the inflammatory rhetoric flying between Castro 's government and exile extremists in Miami . But while Cuban exiles outside the courthouse cheered Lazaro and his family , their angry taunts seemed to shock Manuel . His lawyer , however , insists he will continue to stand up for what he thinks is right . ` ` He 's a strong man , ' ' said Jeffrey Leving . ` ` But the scars will always be there . ' ' 	answer: positive
event: asking for custody of Elian so that he could help reunite the boy with his father in Cuba starts after a move that many see as courageous and principled story: MIAMI _ But the great - uncle of 6-year - old shipwreck survivor rafter Elian Gonzalez only ducked his head and walked faster . Until this week . Alone among his two brothers and two sisters who have fled Cuba for Miami , Manuel Gonzalez believes Elian should go back to Cuba to live with his father . Reno denied the request , but Manuel Gonzalez did n't back down . ' But the family has overcome steep obstacles before . Of the nine brothers and sisters of Manuel 's generation , five have come to Miami , while three remain in Cuba and one has passed away . Labeled ` ` worms ' ' and ` ` traitors ' ' by Castro , many were n't able to speak to _ much less visit _ their relatives for years . Prior to Elian , the Gonzalez family apparently was no different . The branches of the family regularly talked by telephone and the Miami relatives went back to Cuba for several family reunions . But Elian 's case has broken down the family 's fragile truce , with their political differences exacerbated by the inflammatory rhetoric flying between Castro 's government and exile extremists in Miami . But while Cuban exiles outside the courthouse cheered Lazaro and his family , their angry taunts seemed to shock Manuel . His lawyer , however , insists he will continue to stand up for what he thinks is right . ` ` He 's a strong man , ' ' said Jeffrey Leving . ` ` But the scars will always be there . ' ' 	answer: negative
event: Jacques de Mathan donated about 274,500 marks in 1995 starts before the People 's Union gave a false address for him story: BONN , Germany ( AP ) _ A phony address listed on disclosure forms for a French donor will cost the far - right German People 's Union about 549,000 marks ( dlrs 305,000 ) , parliament said Friday . Parliamentary president Rita Suessmuth said the People 's Union correctly listed Jacques de Mathan as having  donated about 274,500 marks in 1995 , but  gave a false address for him . German law requires parties to publish the name and address of anyone who donates more than 20,000 marks ( dlrs 11,000 ) . The anti - foreigner party said it wanted to protect the donor from possible attacks . Suessmuth said , however , that the law does not allow for providing a false address for any reason . The fine is twice the donation , as provided for under German party financing laws . Party spokesman Bernd Droese said the People 's Union would challenge the fine in court . The extremist party recently took a surprising 13 percent of the vote in elections in a depressed eastern German state , and hopes to win its first seats in the federal parliament this September . UR ( pfg - xx ) 	answer: positive
event: Jacques de Mathan donated about 274,500 marks in 1995 starts after the People 's Union gave a false address for him story: BONN , Germany ( AP ) _ A phony address listed on disclosure forms for a French donor will cost the far - right German People 's Union about 549,000 marks ( dlrs 305,000 ) , parliament said Friday . Parliamentary president Rita Suessmuth said the People 's Union correctly listed Jacques de Mathan as having  donated about 274,500 marks in 1995 , but  gave a false address for him . German law requires parties to publish the name and address of anyone who donates more than 20,000 marks ( dlrs 11,000 ) . The anti - foreigner party said it wanted to protect the donor from possible attacks . Suessmuth said , however , that the law does not allow for providing a false address for any reason . The fine is twice the donation , as provided for under German party financing laws . Party spokesman Bernd Droese said the People 's Union would challenge the fine in court . The extremist party recently took a surprising 13 percent of the vote in elections in a depressed eastern German state , and hopes to win its first seats in the federal parliament this September . UR ( pfg - xx ) 	answer: negative
event: Health and Human Services Secretary Do- Donna Shalala says patients who need an organ transplant should not have to take a chance that an organ will become available in their local area , nor should patients have to travel to transplant centers far from their homes to improve their chances of getting an organ starts before UNOS spokeswoman Donna Henry Wright says the new policy would not necessarily be more fair or effective because allowances are already made for the most needy patients story: The US government recently announced new regulations designed to change the way transplant organs are made available to sick patients . Under the new guidelines , donor organs will be made available to the sickest people first , wherever they live in the country . The private group that runs the current system , United Network for Organ Sharing , or UNOS , objects to the new regulations . UNOS says the regulations put the federal government in charge of deciding who gets transplants and that many hospital transplant centers would be forced to close . Health and Human Services Secretary Do- Donna Shalala  says patients who need an organ transplant should not have to take a chance that an organ will become available in their local area , nor should patients have to travel to transplant centers far from their homes to improve their chances of getting an organ . The sickest patients are already treated first . There are not huge waiting uh disparit- waiting time disparities amongst the very uh sickest patients . It 's between two to six days for every one uh of the sickest patients across the country . um So it 's a- it 's a fallacy that they 're doing this because um the sickest patients are n't being served . You may , in a year or two , save a few more lives if you do sickest first . If you do the uh alternative extreme , you do n't save as many lives in the early years , by a small fraction . Nationwide , there are about ten thousand patients waiting for liver transplants each year and only four thousand organs become available for transplants . 	answer: positive
event: Health and Human Services Secretary Do- Donna Shalala says patients who need an organ transplant should not have to take a chance that an organ will become available in their local area , nor should patients have to travel to transplant centers far from their homes to improve their chances of getting an organ starts after UNOS spokeswoman Donna Henry Wright says the new policy would not necessarily be more fair or effective because allowances are already made for the most needy patients story: The US government recently announced new regulations designed to change the way transplant organs are made available to sick patients . Under the new guidelines , donor organs will be made available to the sickest people first , wherever they live in the country . The private group that runs the current system , United Network for Organ Sharing , or UNOS , objects to the new regulations . UNOS says the regulations put the federal government in charge of deciding who gets transplants and that many hospital transplant centers would be forced to close . Health and Human Services Secretary Do- Donna Shalala  says patients who need an organ transplant should not have to take a chance that an organ will become available in their local area , nor should patients have to travel to transplant centers far from their homes to improve their chances of getting an organ . The sickest patients are already treated first . There are not huge waiting uh disparit- waiting time disparities amongst the very uh sickest patients . It 's between two to six days for every one uh of the sickest patients across the country . um So it 's a- it 's a fallacy that they 're doing this because um the sickest patients are n't being served . You may , in a year or two , save a few more lives if you do sickest first . If you do the uh alternative extreme , you do n't save as many lives in the early years , by a small fraction . Nationwide , there are about ten thousand patients waiting for liver transplants each year and only four thousand organs become available for transplants . 	answer: negative
event: An accompanying statement specifically warned against all travel to Pakistan starts before The State Department also ordered the departure of all non - emergency personnel and families of employees from the embassy at Islamabad and from U.S. consulates in Karachi , Lahore and Peshawar story: DAR ES SALAAM , Tanzania ( AP ) _ ` ` To America 's embassy personnel in Nairobi and Dar es Salaam , I will bring a message of solidarity in their sorrow , admiration for their courage and support for their continued efforts on behalf of our country , ' ' Albright said Monday before leaving Andrews Air Force Base , Maryland . ` ` To the people of Kenya and Tanzania , I will bring a message of friendship , made deeper by our shared grief , and of support in doing all we can to ease their suffering and help them start anew . ' ' Some Kenyans have complained that after the Nairobi bombing , rescuers gave priority to finding American victims and to protecting evidence at the expense of saving African lives . Just ahead of Albright 's one - day trip , the State Department on Sunday issued an updated ` ` worldwide caution ' ' to U.S. travelers in the aftermath of the Aug. 7 bombings at American embassies in Kenya and Tanzania and because of fresh threats to U.S. interests abroad . The State Department also  ordered the departure of all non - emergency personnel and families of employees from the embassy at Islamabad and from U.S. consulates in Karachi , Lahore and Peshawar . The warnings came after Pakistan handed over to Kenyan officials a suspect in the U.S. Embassy bombings , Mohammed Saddiq Odeh , also known as Mohammad Sadiq Howaida and Abdull Bast Awadh . A U.S. official said last week that field tests suggested the presence of a Czech - made plastic explosive called Semtex that has been used by terrorist groups before . 	answer: positive
event: An accompanying statement specifically warned against all travel to Pakistan starts after The State Department also ordered the departure of all non - emergency personnel and families of employees from the embassy at Islamabad and from U.S. consulates in Karachi , Lahore and Peshawar story: DAR ES SALAAM , Tanzania ( AP ) _ ` ` To America 's embassy personnel in Nairobi and Dar es Salaam , I will bring a message of solidarity in their sorrow , admiration for their courage and support for their continued efforts on behalf of our country , ' ' Albright said Monday before leaving Andrews Air Force Base , Maryland . ` ` To the people of Kenya and Tanzania , I will bring a message of friendship , made deeper by our shared grief , and of support in doing all we can to ease their suffering and help them start anew . ' ' Some Kenyans have complained that after the Nairobi bombing , rescuers gave priority to finding American victims and to protecting evidence at the expense of saving African lives . Just ahead of Albright 's one - day trip , the State Department on Sunday issued an updated ` ` worldwide caution ' ' to U.S. travelers in the aftermath of the Aug. 7 bombings at American embassies in Kenya and Tanzania and because of fresh threats to U.S. interests abroad . The State Department also  ordered the departure of all non - emergency personnel and families of employees from the embassy at Islamabad and from U.S. consulates in Karachi , Lahore and Peshawar . The warnings came after Pakistan handed over to Kenyan officials a suspect in the U.S. Embassy bombings , Mohammed Saddiq Odeh , also known as Mohammad Sadiq Howaida and Abdull Bast Awadh . A U.S. official said last week that field tests suggested the presence of a Czech - made plastic explosive called Semtex that has been used by terrorist groups before . 	answer: negative
event: as Navigation Mixte chairman he prohibited by takeover regulations from organizing his own defense or doing anything besides managing current company business starts before Navigation Mixte which traded in London story: Cie . de Navigation Mixte Chairman Marc Fournier said his board unanimously rejected as too low the $ 1.77 billion bid by Cie . Financiere de Paribas to bring its stake in Navigation Mixte to 66.7 % . Mr. Fournier said Navigation Mixte 's 1989 unconsolidated , or parent - company , profit is likely to be 4.7 billion francs ( $ 754.4 million ) , up from 633.8 million francs last year . Mr. Fournier said the exceptional gain would mean nearly twice as high a dividend this year as last . If holders avoid tendering to Paribas , he added , they can expect strong dividends again next year . Analysts noted that over the past 20 years , Mr. Fournier has built his company through astute stock - market activity and has warded off at least three takeover attempts . Without some unexpected " coup de theatre " , I do n't see what will block the Paribas bid , " said Philippe de Cholet , analyst at the brokerage Cholet - Dupont amp Cie . Mr. Fournier also noted that Navigation Mixte joined Paribas 's core of shareholders when Paribas was denationalized in 1987 , and said it now holds just under 5 % of Paribas 's shares . The petition is still pending , but Mr. Fournier downplayed the likelihood of his organizing a takeover bid of his own for the much - larger Paribas . Alternatively , it is to offer three Paribas shares for one Navigation Mixte share . The Paribas offer values Navigation Mixte at about 23 billion francs , depending on how many of Navigation Mixte 's warrants are converted into shares during the takeover battle . 	answer: positive
event: as Navigation Mixte chairman he prohibited by takeover regulations from organizing his own defense or doing anything besides managing current company business starts after Navigation Mixte which traded in London story: Cie . de Navigation Mixte Chairman Marc Fournier said his board unanimously rejected as too low the $ 1.77 billion bid by Cie . Financiere de Paribas to bring its stake in Navigation Mixte to 66.7 % . Mr. Fournier said Navigation Mixte 's 1989 unconsolidated , or parent - company , profit is likely to be 4.7 billion francs ( $ 754.4 million ) , up from 633.8 million francs last year . Mr. Fournier said the exceptional gain would mean nearly twice as high a dividend this year as last . If holders avoid tendering to Paribas , he added , they can expect strong dividends again next year . Analysts noted that over the past 20 years , Mr. Fournier has built his company through astute stock - market activity and has warded off at least three takeover attempts . Without some unexpected " coup de theatre " , I do n't see what will block the Paribas bid , " said Philippe de Cholet , analyst at the brokerage Cholet - Dupont amp Cie . Mr. Fournier also noted that Navigation Mixte joined Paribas 's core of shareholders when Paribas was denationalized in 1987 , and said it now holds just under 5 % of Paribas 's shares . The petition is still pending , but Mr. Fournier downplayed the likelihood of his organizing a takeover bid of his own for the much - larger Paribas . Alternatively , it is to offer three Paribas shares for one Navigation Mixte share . The Paribas offer values Navigation Mixte at about 23 billion francs , depending on how many of Navigation Mixte 's warrants are converted into shares during the takeover battle . 	answer: negative
event: Libya which brought the case to the United Nations ' highest judicial body in its dispute with the United States and Britain starts before Both U.S. and British officials claiming Security Council resolutions imposed on Lybia to force the suspects ' extradition overruled a 1971 Convention which gives Libya the right to try the men story: THE HAGUE , Netherlands ( AP ) _ The World Court Friday rejected U.S. and British objections to a Libyan World Court case that has blocked the trial of two Libyans suspected of blowing up a Pan Am jumbo jet over Scotland in 1988 . Libya , which  brought the case to the United Nations ' highest judicial body in its dispute with the United States and Britain , hailed the ruling and said it would press anew for a trial in a third neutral country . Both U.S. and British officials filed objections to the court 's jurisdiction in 1995 ,  claiming Security Council resolutions imposed on Lybia to force the suspects ' extradition overruled a 1971 Convention which gives Libya the right to try the men . The decision , 3rd graf pvs . 	answer: positive
event: Libya which brought the case to the United Nations ' highest judicial body in its dispute with the United States and Britain starts after Both U.S. and British officials claiming Security Council resolutions imposed on Lybia to force the suspects ' extradition overruled a 1971 Convention which gives Libya the right to try the men story: THE HAGUE , Netherlands ( AP ) _ The World Court Friday rejected U.S. and British objections to a Libyan World Court case that has blocked the trial of two Libyans suspected of blowing up a Pan Am jumbo jet over Scotland in 1988 . Libya , which  brought the case to the United Nations ' highest judicial body in its dispute with the United States and Britain , hailed the ruling and said it would press anew for a trial in a third neutral country . Both U.S. and British officials filed objections to the court 's jurisdiction in 1995 ,  claiming Security Council resolutions imposed on Lybia to force the suspects ' extradition overruled a 1971 Convention which gives Libya the right to try the men . The decision , 3rd graf pvs . 	answer: negative
event: a region that historically been the staging ground for many of the disasters of this century starts before the three new members enhance NATO 's ability to fulfill its core mission of collective defense , respond to a range of security challenges and reduce the possibility of another major conflict in Europe of the kind that has claimed so many American lives story: WASHINGTON , March 12 ( Xinhua ) -- Poland , Hungary and the Czech Republic Friday formally joined NATO at a ceremony held in the city of Independence , Missouri . At the Harry Truman Library in Independence , the three foreign ministers of Bronislaw Geremek of Poland , Janos Martonyi of Hungary and Jan Kavan of the Czech Republic signed formal documents of accession . Kavan said the Czech Republic would no longer become " the powerless victim of a foreign invasion . " Martonyi called Hunragy 's admission in NATO " returning to her natural habitat , " saying : " It has been our manifest destiny to rejoin those with whom we share the same values , interests and goals . " And Geremek said it was " a great day for Poland and for the world . " U.S. Secretary of State Madeleine Albright accepted admission papers from the three countries ' foreign ministers , marking their formal entry into the 50-year - old Western alliance . " Hallelujah , " exclaimed Albright , a daughter of Czechoslovakia , who as a child fled her native land and later became a U.S. citizen . Ahead of the ceremony , NATO Secretary - General Javier Solana said that the accession of the three countries ... "is perhaps the clearest demonstration of the fact that Europe is growing closer together . " " Extending membership to these three democracies helps to stabilize a region that historically has  been the staging ground for many of the disasters of this century , " Solana added , referring to the two world wars . " 	answer: positive
event: a region that historically been the staging ground for many of the disasters of this century starts after the three new members enhance NATO 's ability to fulfill its core mission of collective defense , respond to a range of security challenges and reduce the possibility of another major conflict in Europe of the kind that has claimed so many American lives story: WASHINGTON , March 12 ( Xinhua ) -- Poland , Hungary and the Czech Republic Friday formally joined NATO at a ceremony held in the city of Independence , Missouri . At the Harry Truman Library in Independence , the three foreign ministers of Bronislaw Geremek of Poland , Janos Martonyi of Hungary and Jan Kavan of the Czech Republic signed formal documents of accession . Kavan said the Czech Republic would no longer become " the powerless victim of a foreign invasion . " Martonyi called Hunragy 's admission in NATO " returning to her natural habitat , " saying : " It has been our manifest destiny to rejoin those with whom we share the same values , interests and goals . " And Geremek said it was " a great day for Poland and for the world . " U.S. Secretary of State Madeleine Albright accepted admission papers from the three countries ' foreign ministers , marking their formal entry into the 50-year - old Western alliance . " Hallelujah , " exclaimed Albright , a daughter of Czechoslovakia , who as a child fled her native land and later became a U.S. citizen . Ahead of the ceremony , NATO Secretary - General Javier Solana said that the accession of the three countries ... "is perhaps the clearest demonstration of the fact that Europe is growing closer together . " " Extending membership to these three democracies helps to stabilize a region that historically has  been the staging ground for many of the disasters of this century , " Solana added , referring to the two world wars . " 	answer: negative
event: the full Supreme Court can consider a formal appeal starts before But Reno said the request to Kennedy serves no purpose since the injunction blocking Elian 's return to Cuba still applies story: But Thursday 's decision made it clear the family has only 14 days to decide whether to request a rehearing at that level . & amp;UR ; & amp;LR ; ` ` Expect no extensions , ' ' the court instructed . The appellate ruling made it clear the court takes no joy in lifting an obstacle to Elian 's return to Cuba . Making Juan Miguel Gonzalez his son 's legal representative would have allowed him to simply drop the asylum request and head for home . Switching to English , he said , ` ` I want to thank the American people . Elian was rescued off the coast of Florida by two American fishermen last November after the boat he was in capsized . Elian 's Miami relatives took in the child , but then refused to return him to his surviving father in Cuba , citing the harshness of the Castro regime . The Miami relatives applied for political asylum on Elian 's behalf , saying the child did not want to return to Cuba . The Miami relatives appealed that decision , and obtained an injunction requiring Elian to remain in the United States until the asylum question worked its way through the courts . The father and his son lived for a month on a large , private estate in Maryland , but have recently moved to an affluent neighborhood in Washington , D.C. , to wait out the rest of their time in the United States . But Reno  said the request to Kennedy serves no purpose since the injunction blocking Elian 's return to Cuba still applies . 	answer: positive
event: the full Supreme Court can consider a formal appeal starts after But Reno said the request to Kennedy serves no purpose since the injunction blocking Elian 's return to Cuba still applies story: But Thursday 's decision made it clear the family has only 14 days to decide whether to request a rehearing at that level . & amp;UR ; & amp;LR ; ` ` Expect no extensions , ' ' the court instructed . The appellate ruling made it clear the court takes no joy in lifting an obstacle to Elian 's return to Cuba . Making Juan Miguel Gonzalez his son 's legal representative would have allowed him to simply drop the asylum request and head for home . Switching to English , he said , ` ` I want to thank the American people . Elian was rescued off the coast of Florida by two American fishermen last November after the boat he was in capsized . Elian 's Miami relatives took in the child , but then refused to return him to his surviving father in Cuba , citing the harshness of the Castro regime . The Miami relatives applied for political asylum on Elian 's behalf , saying the child did not want to return to Cuba . The Miami relatives appealed that decision , and obtained an injunction requiring Elian to remain in the United States until the asylum question worked its way through the courts . The father and his son lived for a month on a large , private estate in Maryland , but have recently moved to an affluent neighborhood in Washington , D.C. , to wait out the rest of their time in the United States . But Reno  said the request to Kennedy serves no purpose since the injunction blocking Elian 's return to Cuba still applies . 	answer: negative
event: Instead Sununu sought to prove to the president that his supporters outnumber his critics and that he should remain in his post starts before One senior official Monday described the White House as " a collection of small groups of aides holding their breaths , " waiting to see whether Sununu survives story: One of President Bush 's sons has informed White House Chief of Staff John Sununu that he has lost much of his support among Republicans , prompting an intense effort by Sununu to hold on to his job by demonstrating his GOP backing , White House and Republican sources said Monday . Sununu was told Wednesday by Bush 's son , George , that he had alienated members of the Cabinet , the White House staff and the Republican political community , creating a situation that puts his effectiveness in significant doubt , the sources said . The message to the chief of staff was meant to be taken as a suggestion that Sununu offer to resign , one highly placed source said . One GOP source , reporting on a call from the chief of staff to a Republican leader , said Sununu lamented that " the noose is tightening around my neck , and I need your help . " Another highly placed source said the president 's son met with Sununu last week after holding a series of conversations about the structure of the White House staff and of the campaign with other Bush loyalists and GOP activists . The source said the younger Bush " sketched out for Sununu " problems the president is encountering because of the chief of staff 's tenure . " That , the source said , was when Sununu started calling congressional Republicans and asking them to tell Bush that the conservative wing of the party , in particular , would object if he were fired . Officials said the president himself met with Sununu Sunday . A source said the outcome of that session was unclear . 	answer: positive
event: Instead Sununu sought to prove to the president that his supporters outnumber his critics and that he should remain in his post starts after One senior official Monday described the White House as " a collection of small groups of aides holding their breaths , " waiting to see whether Sununu survives story: One of President Bush 's sons has informed White House Chief of Staff John Sununu that he has lost much of his support among Republicans , prompting an intense effort by Sununu to hold on to his job by demonstrating his GOP backing , White House and Republican sources said Monday . Sununu was told Wednesday by Bush 's son , George , that he had alienated members of the Cabinet , the White House staff and the Republican political community , creating a situation that puts his effectiveness in significant doubt , the sources said . The message to the chief of staff was meant to be taken as a suggestion that Sununu offer to resign , one highly placed source said . One GOP source , reporting on a call from the chief of staff to a Republican leader , said Sununu lamented that " the noose is tightening around my neck , and I need your help . " Another highly placed source said the president 's son met with Sununu last week after holding a series of conversations about the structure of the White House staff and of the campaign with other Bush loyalists and GOP activists . The source said the younger Bush " sketched out for Sununu " problems the president is encountering because of the chief of staff 's tenure . " That , the source said , was when Sununu started calling congressional Republicans and asking them to tell Bush that the conservative wing of the party , in particular , would object if he were fired . Officials said the president himself met with Sununu Sunday . A source said the outcome of that session was unclear . 	answer: negative
event: for oil and gas acquisitions the company said starts after each month dedicated to repayment story: Coda Energy Inc. said it arranged a $ 50 million credit facility with NCNB Texas National Bank , a unit of NCNB Corp. , of Charlotte , N.C. The Dallas oil and gas concern said that $ 10 million of the facility would be used to consolidate the company 's $ 8.1 million of existing bank debt , to repurchase 4 million of its 4.9 million shares outstanding of Series D convertible preferred stock , and to purchase a 10 % net - profits interest in certain oil and gas properties from one of its existing lenders , National Canada Corp. The remaining $ 40 million can be used over three years for oil and gas acquisitions , the company  said . Ted Eubank , Coda 's president , said the loan carries an interest rate of prime plus one percentage point , with 85 % of the company 's net oil and gas revenue each month  dedicated to repayment . The company put up " virtually all " of its oil and gas properties as collateral , he said . 	answer: positive
event: for oil and gas acquisitions the company said starts before each month dedicated to repayment story: Coda Energy Inc. said it arranged a $ 50 million credit facility with NCNB Texas National Bank , a unit of NCNB Corp. , of Charlotte , N.C. The Dallas oil and gas concern said that $ 10 million of the facility would be used to consolidate the company 's $ 8.1 million of existing bank debt , to repurchase 4 million of its 4.9 million shares outstanding of Series D convertible preferred stock , and to purchase a 10 % net - profits interest in certain oil and gas properties from one of its existing lenders , National Canada Corp. The remaining $ 40 million can be used over three years for oil and gas acquisitions , the company  said . Ted Eubank , Coda 's president , said the loan carries an interest rate of prime plus one percentage point , with 85 % of the company 's net oil and gas revenue each month  dedicated to repayment . The company put up " virtually all " of its oil and gas properties as collateral , he said . 	answer: negative
event: Dr. Hugh Short who wounded in the elbow starts before Dr. Hugh Short who survived the attack at his home in Ancaster , Ontario story: HAMILTON ( AP ) -- Canadian authorities issued a nationwide arrest warrant Monday for James Charles Kopp , a U.S. fugitive on the FBI 's most wanted list for an alleged anti - abortion murder . Kopp also is wanted for questioning in at least two other shootings of doctors who performed abortions . The Canadian warrant issued Monday charged Kopp with attempted murder in the 1995 shooting of Dr. Hugh Short , who was  wounded in the elbow but  survived the attack at his home in Ancaster , Ontario . ` ` It allows us to spread his name far and wide across Canada and say that he is wanted for attempted murder , ' ' said police Inspector Dave Bowen . Kopp , who is from Vermont , was indicted last year in the October 1998 shooting death of Dr. Barnet Slepian , an obstetrician in Buffalo , New York . He also is wanted in connection with the shooting of doctors in Winnipeg , Vancouver and Rochester , New York . Slepian was killed by a single gunshot fired from a wooded area through a window of his home . Kopp purports to be a devout Roman Catholic , and the majority of jobs he has held over the past 20 years have been related to the anti - abortion movement , the U.S. Justice Department said last year . He has been arrested more than a dozen times during abortion protests in seven states and Italy . The FBI says Kopp has used 29 aliases . Since then , 427 fugitives have been taken into custody or located , 133 of them as a result of citizen assistance , the FBI said . 	answer: positive
event: Dr. Hugh Short who wounded in the elbow starts after Dr. Hugh Short who survived the attack at his home in Ancaster , Ontario story: HAMILTON ( AP ) -- Canadian authorities issued a nationwide arrest warrant Monday for James Charles Kopp , a U.S. fugitive on the FBI 's most wanted list for an alleged anti - abortion murder . Kopp also is wanted for questioning in at least two other shootings of doctors who performed abortions . The Canadian warrant issued Monday charged Kopp with attempted murder in the 1995 shooting of Dr. Hugh Short , who was  wounded in the elbow but  survived the attack at his home in Ancaster , Ontario . ` ` It allows us to spread his name far and wide across Canada and say that he is wanted for attempted murder , ' ' said police Inspector Dave Bowen . Kopp , who is from Vermont , was indicted last year in the October 1998 shooting death of Dr. Barnet Slepian , an obstetrician in Buffalo , New York . He also is wanted in connection with the shooting of doctors in Winnipeg , Vancouver and Rochester , New York . Slepian was killed by a single gunshot fired from a wooded area through a window of his home . Kopp purports to be a devout Roman Catholic , and the majority of jobs he has held over the past 20 years have been related to the anti - abortion movement , the U.S. Justice Department said last year . He has been arrested more than a dozen times during abortion protests in seven states and Italy . The FBI says Kopp has used 29 aliases . Since then , 427 fugitives have been taken into custody or located , 133 of them as a result of citizen assistance , the FBI said . 	answer: negative
event: 100,000 shares bought from Aug. 26 to Oct. 20 for $ 23.31 to $ 24.25 a share starts before Hewlett - Packard , a Palo Alto , Calif. , computer company , said it acquired the stock " to develop and maintain a strategic partnership in which each company remains independent while working together to market and sell their products story: Hewlett - Packard Co. said it raised its stake in Octel Communications Corp. to 8.5 % of the common shares outstanding . In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing , Hewlett - Packard said it now holds 1,384,119 Octel common shares , including 100,000 shares  bought from Aug. 26 to Oct. 20 for $ 23.31 to $ 24.25 a share . Hewlett - Packard , a Palo Alto , Calif. , computer company ,  said it acquired the stock " to develop and maintain a strategic partnership in which each company remains independent while working together to market and sell their products . " Octel said the purchase was expected . Hewlett - Packard affirmed it does n't plan to obtain control of Octel , a Milpitas , Calif. , maker of voice - processing systems . According to the filing , Hewlett - Packard acquired 730,070 common shares from Octel as a result of an Aug. 10 , 1988 , stock purchase agreement . That accord also called for Hewlett - Packard to buy 730,070 Octel shares in the open market within 18 months . In addition , Hewlett - Packard acquired a two - year option to buy an extra 10 % , of which half may be sold directly to Hewlett - Packard by Octel . 	answer: positive
event: 100,000 shares bought from Aug. 26 to Oct. 20 for $ 23.31 to $ 24.25 a share starts after Hewlett - Packard , a Palo Alto , Calif. , computer company , said it acquired the stock " to develop and maintain a strategic partnership in which each company remains independent while working together to market and sell their products story: Hewlett - Packard Co. said it raised its stake in Octel Communications Corp. to 8.5 % of the common shares outstanding . In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing , Hewlett - Packard said it now holds 1,384,119 Octel common shares , including 100,000 shares  bought from Aug. 26 to Oct. 20 for $ 23.31 to $ 24.25 a share . Hewlett - Packard , a Palo Alto , Calif. , computer company ,  said it acquired the stock " to develop and maintain a strategic partnership in which each company remains independent while working together to market and sell their products . " Octel said the purchase was expected . Hewlett - Packard affirmed it does n't plan to obtain control of Octel , a Milpitas , Calif. , maker of voice - processing systems . According to the filing , Hewlett - Packard acquired 730,070 common shares from Octel as a result of an Aug. 10 , 1988 , stock purchase agreement . That accord also called for Hewlett - Packard to buy 730,070 Octel shares in the open market within 18 months . In addition , Hewlett - Packard acquired a two - year option to buy an extra 10 % , of which half may be sold directly to Hewlett - Packard by Octel . 	answer: negative
event: Trustcorp Inc. will become Society Bank amp Trust when its merger is completed with Society Corp. of Cleveland the bank said starts after Society Corp. , which is also a bank , agreed in June to buy Trustcorp for 12.4 million shares of stock with a market value of about $ 450 million story: Trustcorp Inc. will become Society Bank amp Trust when its merger is completed with Society Corp. of Cleveland , the bank  said . Society Corp. , which is also a bank ,  agreed in June to buy Trustcorp for 12.4 million shares of stock with a market value of about $ 450 million . The transaction is expected to close around year end . 	answer: positive
event: Trustcorp Inc. will become Society Bank amp Trust when its merger is completed with Society Corp. of Cleveland the bank said starts before Society Corp. , which is also a bank , agreed in June to buy Trustcorp for 12.4 million shares of stock with a market value of about $ 450 million story: Trustcorp Inc. will become Society Bank amp Trust when its merger is completed with Society Corp. of Cleveland , the bank  said . Society Corp. , which is also a bank ,  agreed in June to buy Trustcorp for 12.4 million shares of stock with a market value of about $ 450 million . The transaction is expected to close around year end . 	answer: negative
event: they opposed abortion starts before they uniformly denounced the killing of Slepian story: The bullet bounced off a cabinet and ricocheted into the living room , where the doctor 's three other children were watching television , Murray said . Just over an hour later , he was declared dead at nearby Millard Fillmore Suburban Hospital . But one abortion opponent , the Rev. Donald Spitz , the founder of Pro - Life Virginia , described Slepian 's killer as a ` ` hero ' ' for ending the physician 's ` ` bloodthirsty practice . ' ' ` ` We as Christians have a responsibility to protect the innocent from being murdered , ' ' Spitz said in a statement released to The Associated Press , ` ` the same way we would want someone to protect us . ' Most other opponents of abortion , however , condemned the shooting and abortion . ` ` He called on many of the same people to express outrage at partial birth abortion , which he called the equivalent of infanticide , ' ' Religious leaders in Buffalo also condemned the shooting . but he went on to defend the Church 's opposition to abortion as ` ` respecting of human life in all its forms , especially the most vulnerable . ' Many residents said abortion had gradually dwindled as a local issue since Operation Rescue , an anti - abortion group , started a series of largely unsuccessful ` ` Spring of Life ' ' demonstrations in 1992 intended to shut down abortion clinics and harass local doctors , including Slepian . Little of the vitriol that the issue aroused in the late 1980s and early 1990s remains , residents said , and many of the local religious leaders who led the 1992 protests have moved . 	answer: positive
event: they opposed abortion starts after they uniformly denounced the killing of Slepian story: The bullet bounced off a cabinet and ricocheted into the living room , where the doctor 's three other children were watching television , Murray said . Just over an hour later , he was declared dead at nearby Millard Fillmore Suburban Hospital . But one abortion opponent , the Rev. Donald Spitz , the founder of Pro - Life Virginia , described Slepian 's killer as a ` ` hero ' ' for ending the physician 's ` ` bloodthirsty practice . ' ' ` ` We as Christians have a responsibility to protect the innocent from being murdered , ' ' Spitz said in a statement released to The Associated Press , ` ` the same way we would want someone to protect us . ' Most other opponents of abortion , however , condemned the shooting and abortion . ` ` He called on many of the same people to express outrage at partial birth abortion , which he called the equivalent of infanticide , ' ' Religious leaders in Buffalo also condemned the shooting . but he went on to defend the Church 's opposition to abortion as ` ` respecting of human life in all its forms , especially the most vulnerable . ' Many residents said abortion had gradually dwindled as a local issue since Operation Rescue , an anti - abortion group , started a series of largely unsuccessful ` ` Spring of Life ' ' demonstrations in 1992 intended to shut down abortion clinics and harass local doctors , including Slepian . Little of the vitriol that the issue aroused in the late 1980s and early 1990s remains , residents said , and many of the local religious leaders who led the 1992 protests have moved . 	answer: negative
event: said Cuban journalist Luis Baez , who has written several books about Cuban emigration to the United States starts after Cuban journalist Luis Baez who written several books about Cuban emigration to the United States story: HAVANA ( AP ) -- The unusual airing of protests against President Fidel Castro appeared aimed at warning Cuban citizens that South Florida exiles could still force the reversal of the U.S. government 's decision to return Gonzalez to Cuba . Castro attended a rally Thursday by media workers at Havana 's Palace of Conventions to demand Gonzalez 's return . For weeks the communist government has held such rallies almost daily . ` ` The case of Elian is for today 's youth what 40 years of the blockade , armed invasions , sabotage and attempts to kill President Fidel Castro were for earlier generations , ' '  said Cuban journalist Luis Baez , who has  written several books about Cuban emigration to the United States . Hundreds of Cuban - Americans chanting ` ` Liberty ! Liberty ! ' ' blocked intersections and cut off access to the Port of Miami . In one case , riot police had to use tear gas to clear them . Cuban exiles in Miami will now ` ` proceed with all their resources to impede or delay ' ' the ruling , Cuba predicted Wednesday . The struggle must not stop for one minute ! ' ' said a message that was read Wednesday night to several thousand rallying Cuban scientists . Rescued on Nov. 25 by fishermen off the Florida coast , Elian has become the subject of an international custody battle . His mother died in a boating accident trying to get Elian and herself to the United States . But Elian 's relatives in Miami have fought to keep the boy , saying they could provide him with a better life . Gonzalez has not appeared publicly since the announcement . 	answer: positive
event: said Cuban journalist Luis Baez , who has written several books about Cuban emigration to the United States starts before Cuban journalist Luis Baez who written several books about Cuban emigration to the United States story: HAVANA ( AP ) -- The unusual airing of protests against President Fidel Castro appeared aimed at warning Cuban citizens that South Florida exiles could still force the reversal of the U.S. government 's decision to return Gonzalez to Cuba . Castro attended a rally Thursday by media workers at Havana 's Palace of Conventions to demand Gonzalez 's return . For weeks the communist government has held such rallies almost daily . ` ` The case of Elian is for today 's youth what 40 years of the blockade , armed invasions , sabotage and attempts to kill President Fidel Castro were for earlier generations , ' '  said Cuban journalist Luis Baez , who has  written several books about Cuban emigration to the United States . Hundreds of Cuban - Americans chanting ` ` Liberty ! Liberty ! ' ' blocked intersections and cut off access to the Port of Miami . In one case , riot police had to use tear gas to clear them . Cuban exiles in Miami will now ` ` proceed with all their resources to impede or delay ' ' the ruling , Cuba predicted Wednesday . The struggle must not stop for one minute ! ' ' said a message that was read Wednesday night to several thousand rallying Cuban scientists . Rescued on Nov. 25 by fishermen off the Florida coast , Elian has become the subject of an international custody battle . His mother died in a boating accident trying to get Elian and herself to the United States . But Elian 's relatives in Miami have fought to keep the boy , saying they could provide him with a better life . Gonzalez has not appeared publicly since the announcement . 	answer: negative
event: Philippine President Joseph Estrada on Tuesday condemned the bombings of the U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania starts before Philippine President Joseph Estrada on Tuesday offered condolences to the victims and their families story: MANILA , Philippines ( AP ) _ Philippine President Joseph Estrada on Tuesday  condemned the bombings of the U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania and  offered condolences to the victims and their families . ` ` We extend our heartfelt sympathies to the victims of these outrages and to their families in Kenya , Tanzania and the United States , ' ' Estrada said in a statement . ` ` No cause is so great that it can justify wanton murder and maiming of the innocent . ' ' In all , the bombings in Kenya and Tanzania last week claimed at least 217 lives and injured nearly 5,000 . 	answer: positive
event: Philippine President Joseph Estrada on Tuesday condemned the bombings of the U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania starts after Philippine President Joseph Estrada on Tuesday offered condolences to the victims and their families story: MANILA , Philippines ( AP ) _ Philippine President Joseph Estrada on Tuesday  condemned the bombings of the U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania and  offered condolences to the victims and their families . ` ` We extend our heartfelt sympathies to the victims of these outrages and to their families in Kenya , Tanzania and the United States , ' ' Estrada said in a statement . ` ` No cause is so great that it can justify wanton murder and maiming of the innocent . ' ' In all , the bombings in Kenya and Tanzania last week claimed at least 217 lives and injured nearly 5,000 . 	answer: negative
event: Privately authorities say Rudolph has become a focus of their investigation starts after Rudolph become a focus of their investigation story: New evidence is suggesting that a series of bombings in Atalanta and last month 's explosion at an Alabama women 's clinic might be related . Pierre Thomas has the latest . Atlanta nineteen ninety - six . A bomb blast shocks the Olympic games . One person is killed . January nineteen ninety - seven . Atlanta again . This time a bomb at an abortion clinic . Location , Birmingham , Alabama . This man , Eric Rudolph has already been charged in the Birmingham bombing . The reason , authorities have discovered tantalizing new evidence . Steel plates recovered at the Olympic park bombing appear to match those found at the abortion clinic bombing in Atlanta . Those plates may have come from a machine shop in north Carolina , where a friend of Rudolph worked . And law enforcement sources say they ca n't ignore letters penned under the name army of god . Army of god is a secret organization that hates abortion providers , homosexuals and the US government . Army of god letters claim responsibility for the Atlanta abortion clinic bombing , a nineteen ninety - seven attack on a gay lounge and the Birmingham assault . An intense manhunt conducted by the FBI and the bureau of alcohol , tobacco and firearms continues for Rudolph in the wilderness of western north Carolina . And this week , FBI director Louie Freeh assigned more agents to the search . Privately , authorities  say Rudolph has  become a focus of their investigation . Publicly , they are unwilling to make any sweeping assertion . The reason , they remember Richard Jewell . pierre thomas , CNN , Washington . 	answer: positive
event: Privately authorities say Rudolph has become a focus of their investigation starts before Rudolph become a focus of their investigation story: New evidence is suggesting that a series of bombings in Atalanta and last month 's explosion at an Alabama women 's clinic might be related . Pierre Thomas has the latest . Atlanta nineteen ninety - six . A bomb blast shocks the Olympic games . One person is killed . January nineteen ninety - seven . Atlanta again . This time a bomb at an abortion clinic . Location , Birmingham , Alabama . This man , Eric Rudolph has already been charged in the Birmingham bombing . The reason , authorities have discovered tantalizing new evidence . Steel plates recovered at the Olympic park bombing appear to match those found at the abortion clinic bombing in Atlanta . Those plates may have come from a machine shop in north Carolina , where a friend of Rudolph worked . And law enforcement sources say they ca n't ignore letters penned under the name army of god . Army of god is a secret organization that hates abortion providers , homosexuals and the US government . Army of god letters claim responsibility for the Atlanta abortion clinic bombing , a nineteen ninety - seven attack on a gay lounge and the Birmingham assault . An intense manhunt conducted by the FBI and the bureau of alcohol , tobacco and firearms continues for Rudolph in the wilderness of western north Carolina . And this week , FBI director Louie Freeh assigned more agents to the search . Privately , authorities  say Rudolph has  become a focus of their investigation . Publicly , they are unwilling to make any sweeping assertion . The reason , they remember Richard Jewell . pierre thomas , CNN , Washington . 	answer: negative
event: he told the boy that his mother was alive and waiting for him in Cuba starts before the boy would turned to his father once the Cuban group arrives in the United States story: With a tense Miami waiting , federal immigration officials said Monday they will order the Miami relatives of 6-year - old Cuban rafter Elian Gonzalez to turn the boy over to his father , who could come to the U.S. from Cuba as early as Tuesday . ` ` We continue to be very concerned about the mental and psychological well - being of this 6-year - old , ' ' said Manny Diaz , one of the family 's attorneys . ` ` To that end , we 'll be back tomorrow to continue our negotiations . ' ' Visas for the entourage of more than 20 teachers , classmates and others _ including Ricardo Alarcon , Cuban National Assembly president _ that Castro wants to accompany the family were not yet approved , officials said . The rush of events caps a four - month ordeal that has seen Elian catapulted into the center an international tug - of - war . They immediately appealed to the 11th Circuit Court of Appeals in Atlanta . The family refused to sign the agreement through two days of negotiations , and INS extended its deadline until 9 a.m. EST Tuesday . Over the weekend , lawyers for the family raised accusations that Juan Miguel Gonzalez had mistreated his son in telephone conversations , saying he had  told the boy that his mother was alive and waiting for him in Cuba . Moves to keep Elian in this country through federal legislation appear to be stymied , as most lawmakers seem to agree the boy should go back to Cuba . ` ` His father will be Fidel Castro , the worst dictator in history . ' ' 	answer: positive
event: he told the boy that his mother was alive and waiting for him in Cuba starts after the boy would turned to his father once the Cuban group arrives in the United States story: With a tense Miami waiting , federal immigration officials said Monday they will order the Miami relatives of 6-year - old Cuban rafter Elian Gonzalez to turn the boy over to his father , who could come to the U.S. from Cuba as early as Tuesday . ` ` We continue to be very concerned about the mental and psychological well - being of this 6-year - old , ' ' said Manny Diaz , one of the family 's attorneys . ` ` To that end , we 'll be back tomorrow to continue our negotiations . ' ' Visas for the entourage of more than 20 teachers , classmates and others _ including Ricardo Alarcon , Cuban National Assembly president _ that Castro wants to accompany the family were not yet approved , officials said . The rush of events caps a four - month ordeal that has seen Elian catapulted into the center an international tug - of - war . They immediately appealed to the 11th Circuit Court of Appeals in Atlanta . The family refused to sign the agreement through two days of negotiations , and INS extended its deadline until 9 a.m. EST Tuesday . Over the weekend , lawyers for the family raised accusations that Juan Miguel Gonzalez had mistreated his son in telephone conversations , saying he had  told the boy that his mother was alive and waiting for him in Cuba . Moves to keep Elian in this country through federal legislation appear to be stymied , as most lawmakers seem to agree the boy should go back to Cuba . ` ` His father will be Fidel Castro , the worst dictator in history . ' ' 	answer: negative
event: Kopp also linked through DNA testing to a strand of hair found near where the sniper fired starts after Nicknamed the ` ` Atomic Dog ' ' in anti - abortion circles Kopp arrested in several states since 1990 for protesting abortion story: BUFFALO , N.Y. ( AP ) -- Dr. Barnett Slepian , just back from synagogue , was heating soup in his kitchen last fall when he was gunned down with a single shot through a window . Slepian 's killer is still at large . But for the first time , authorities have named a suspect in the slaying -- anti - abortion activist James Kopp . Kopp , 44 , of St. Albans , Vt . , became the subject of an international manhunt in November when he was called a witness in the case . Both charges carry a penalty of up to life in prison . The federal charge also carries a fine of up to $ 250,000 . Kopp 's whereabouts remain unknown . He was last seen Nov. 3 , the day before authorities issued a material witness warrant in the Slepian shooting in the hope of questioning him . Investigators would not divulge the evidence against Kopp but said last month 's discovery of a scope - equipped rifle buried near the Slepian home represented a major breakthrough . Nicknamed the ` ` Atomic Dog ' ' in anti - abortion circles , Kopp had been  arrested in several states since 1990 for protesting abortion . His car was spotted in Slepian 's neighborhood in the weeks before the shooting , and was found abandoned at the Newark , N.J. , airport in December . Kopp is now the second anti - abortion activist being sought by the FBI as a suspect in a fatal attack . Eric Rudolph has been on the run since the January 1998 bombing of a Birmingham , Ala. , abortion clinic that killed an off - duty police officer and maimed a nurse . 	answer: positive
event: Kopp also linked through DNA testing to a strand of hair found near where the sniper fired starts before Nicknamed the ` ` Atomic Dog ' ' in anti - abortion circles Kopp arrested in several states since 1990 for protesting abortion story: BUFFALO , N.Y. ( AP ) -- Dr. Barnett Slepian , just back from synagogue , was heating soup in his kitchen last fall when he was gunned down with a single shot through a window . Slepian 's killer is still at large . But for the first time , authorities have named a suspect in the slaying -- anti - abortion activist James Kopp . Kopp , 44 , of St. Albans , Vt . , became the subject of an international manhunt in November when he was called a witness in the case . Both charges carry a penalty of up to life in prison . The federal charge also carries a fine of up to $ 250,000 . Kopp 's whereabouts remain unknown . He was last seen Nov. 3 , the day before authorities issued a material witness warrant in the Slepian shooting in the hope of questioning him . Investigators would not divulge the evidence against Kopp but said last month 's discovery of a scope - equipped rifle buried near the Slepian home represented a major breakthrough . Nicknamed the ` ` Atomic Dog ' ' in anti - abortion circles , Kopp had been  arrested in several states since 1990 for protesting abortion . His car was spotted in Slepian 's neighborhood in the weeks before the shooting , and was found abandoned at the Newark , N.J. , airport in December . Kopp is now the second anti - abortion activist being sought by the FBI as a suspect in a fatal attack . Eric Rudolph has been on the run since the January 1998 bombing of a Birmingham , Ala. , abortion clinic that killed an off - duty police officer and maimed a nurse . 	answer: negative
event: I think that when pro - life organizations try to distinguish between themselves and these incidents they are at best being disingenuous starts after the ones who call these doctors murderers story: The doctor 's wife and one of his sons were in the kitchen when the shooting occurred , Murray said . Just over an hour later , he was declared dead at nearby Millard Fillmore Suburban Hospital . For the most part , people on both sides of the abortion issue expressed outrage at the shooting . Spitz said in a statement released to The Associated Press , ` ` the same way we would want someone to protect us . Whoever shot the shot protected the children . ' ' Most other opponents of abortion , however , condemned the shooting and abortion . In his Sunday Mass at St. Patrick 's Cathedral in New York , Cardinal John O'Connor called the murder wrong but he urged those angered by the slaying to be equally angered by abortions . Religious leaders in Buffalo also condemned the shooting . Bishop Henry Mansell of the Archdiocese of Buffalo said it was ` ` an act of madness , ' ' ' Susan Dudley , deputy director of the National Abortion Federation , assailed the remarks and called on anti - abortion groups to shift their tactics . Men smoking cigars and drinking beer with friends after shooting skeet at the Buffalo Shooting Club in Amherst said their feelings about abortion were mixed , but they uniformly denounced the killing of Slepian . Many residents said abortion had gradually dwindled as a local issue since Operation Rescue , an anti - abortion group , started a series of largely unsuccessful ` ` Spring of Life ' ' demonstrations in 1992 intended to shut down abortion clinics and harass local doctors , including Slepian . 	answer: positive
event: I think that when pro - life organizations try to distinguish between themselves and these incidents they are at best being disingenuous starts before the ones who call these doctors murderers story: The doctor 's wife and one of his sons were in the kitchen when the shooting occurred , Murray said . Just over an hour later , he was declared dead at nearby Millard Fillmore Suburban Hospital . For the most part , people on both sides of the abortion issue expressed outrage at the shooting . Spitz said in a statement released to The Associated Press , ` ` the same way we would want someone to protect us . Whoever shot the shot protected the children . ' ' Most other opponents of abortion , however , condemned the shooting and abortion . In his Sunday Mass at St. Patrick 's Cathedral in New York , Cardinal John O'Connor called the murder wrong but he urged those angered by the slaying to be equally angered by abortions . Religious leaders in Buffalo also condemned the shooting . Bishop Henry Mansell of the Archdiocese of Buffalo said it was ` ` an act of madness , ' ' ' Susan Dudley , deputy director of the National Abortion Federation , assailed the remarks and called on anti - abortion groups to shift their tactics . Men smoking cigars and drinking beer with friends after shooting skeet at the Buffalo Shooting Club in Amherst said their feelings about abortion were mixed , but they uniformly denounced the killing of Slepian . Many residents said abortion had gradually dwindled as a local issue since Operation Rescue , an anti - abortion group , started a series of largely unsuccessful ` ` Spring of Life ' ' demonstrations in 1992 intended to shut down abortion clinics and harass local doctors , including Slepian . 	answer: negative
event: the first topics raised in Saturday night 's debate between the two men starts before On Tuesday the National Abortion and Reproductive Rights Action League plans to hold a news conference to screen a television advertisement _ made last week , before Slepian died _ featuring Emily Lyons , a nurse who was badly wounded earlier this year in the bombing of an abortion clinic in Alabama story: The killing of Dr. Barnett Slepian , a gynecologist in Buffalo who performed abortions , has become a factor in at least two campaigns in New York , say political consultants and some campaign advisers . No suspects have been identified . Now events are doing the work for Schumer . On Tuesday , the National Abortion and Reproductive Rights Action League  plans to hold a news conference to screen a television advertisement _ made last week , before Slepian died _ featuring Emily Lyons , a nurse who was badly wounded earlier this year in the bombing of an abortion clinic in Alabama . The advertisement , said Kelli Conlin , the executive director of the New York State affiliate of Naral , is intended to spotlight D'Amato 's vote against the 1994 Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act , which Schumer sponsored . ` ` It 's incredibly sincere and powerful and it would have been regardless , ' ' she said . It brings it home . ' ' But , Isay added , ` ` it heightens the abortion issue . ' ' A federal judge removed Vacco , then the U.S. attorney for western New York , from the case . Spitzer also criticized Vacco for dismantling the Office of Reproductive Rights , which investigated threats and crimes against abortion clinics , when he became attorney general . ` ` Trying to score political points from a homicide can have a backlash , ' ' said Maureen Connelly , a media consultant not working for any candidate in next week 's election . 	answer: positive
event: the first topics raised in Saturday night 's debate between the two men starts after On Tuesday the National Abortion and Reproductive Rights Action League plans to hold a news conference to screen a television advertisement _ made last week , before Slepian died _ featuring Emily Lyons , a nurse who was badly wounded earlier this year in the bombing of an abortion clinic in Alabama story: The killing of Dr. Barnett Slepian , a gynecologist in Buffalo who performed abortions , has become a factor in at least two campaigns in New York , say political consultants and some campaign advisers . No suspects have been identified . Now events are doing the work for Schumer . On Tuesday , the National Abortion and Reproductive Rights Action League  plans to hold a news conference to screen a television advertisement _ made last week , before Slepian died _ featuring Emily Lyons , a nurse who was badly wounded earlier this year in the bombing of an abortion clinic in Alabama . The advertisement , said Kelli Conlin , the executive director of the New York State affiliate of Naral , is intended to spotlight D'Amato 's vote against the 1994 Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act , which Schumer sponsored . ` ` It 's incredibly sincere and powerful and it would have been regardless , ' ' she said . It brings it home . ' ' But , Isay added , ` ` it heightens the abortion issue . ' ' A federal judge removed Vacco , then the U.S. attorney for western New York , from the case . Spitzer also criticized Vacco for dismantling the Office of Reproductive Rights , which investigated threats and crimes against abortion clinics , when he became attorney general . ` ` Trying to score political points from a homicide can have a backlash , ' ' said Maureen Connelly , a media consultant not working for any candidate in next week 's election . 	answer: negative
event: ` Both Senator D'Amato and Chuck Schumer agree this was a horrific crime and a horrible tragedy said Josh Isay , Schumer 's campaign manager starts before it heightens the abortion issue story: The killing of Dr. Barnett Slepian , a gynecologist in Buffalo who performed abortions , has become a factor in at least two campaigns in New York , say political consultants and some campaign advisers . And in the tight race for U.S. Senate , while the Democrat , Charles Schumer , another abortion - rights supporter , has not raised Slepian 's death himself , his aides say it puts a new emphasis on the issue . Now events are doing the work for Schumer . The measure made it a Federal crime to attack or blockade an abortion clinic . Now , Ms. Conlin said , it will have new resonance , and the organization is considering buying more air time . ` ` It 's incredibly sincere and powerful and it would have been regardless , ' ' she said . ` ` But sensitivities are so heightened from the shooting in western New York that it 's even more powerful . ' ' D'Amato 's aides would not comment about the political ramifications of the slaying , and Schumer 's aides would not talk about whether they planned to refer to it in any advertisements , or whether the candidate planned to use it on the campaign trail . ` ` Stopping clinic violence is going to be a major theme of our campaign from now to Election Day . ' Spitzer also criticized Vacco for dismantling the Office of Reproductive Rights , which investigated threats and crimes against abortion clinics , when he became attorney general . ` ` Trying to score political points from a homicide can have a backlash , ' ' said Maureen Connelly , a media consultant not working for any candidate in next week 's election . 	answer: positive
event: ` Both Senator D'Amato and Chuck Schumer agree this was a horrific crime and a horrible tragedy said Josh Isay , Schumer 's campaign manager starts after it heightens the abortion issue story: The killing of Dr. Barnett Slepian , a gynecologist in Buffalo who performed abortions , has become a factor in at least two campaigns in New York , say political consultants and some campaign advisers . And in the tight race for U.S. Senate , while the Democrat , Charles Schumer , another abortion - rights supporter , has not raised Slepian 's death himself , his aides say it puts a new emphasis on the issue . Now events are doing the work for Schumer . The measure made it a Federal crime to attack or blockade an abortion clinic . Now , Ms. Conlin said , it will have new resonance , and the organization is considering buying more air time . ` ` It 's incredibly sincere and powerful and it would have been regardless , ' ' she said . ` ` But sensitivities are so heightened from the shooting in western New York that it 's even more powerful . ' ' D'Amato 's aides would not comment about the political ramifications of the slaying , and Schumer 's aides would not talk about whether they planned to refer to it in any advertisements , or whether the candidate planned to use it on the campaign trail . ` ` Stopping clinic violence is going to be a major theme of our campaign from now to Election Day . ' Spitzer also criticized Vacco for dismantling the Office of Reproductive Rights , which investigated threats and crimes against abortion clinics , when he became attorney general . ` ` Trying to score political points from a homicide can have a backlash , ' ' said Maureen Connelly , a media consultant not working for any candidate in next week 's election . 	answer: negative
event: they were literally in the area after the homicide starts before They were being sought for interviews just because they were literally in the area after the homicide he said story: The two men , Ronald Stauber and Michael Gingrich , were named Thursday in a bulletin sent by the FBI office in Cleveland to police departments across the country . The men were not termed suspects , and FBI officials on Saturday played down the likelihood that either was involved in the Oct. 23 killing of the doctor , Barnett Slepian . ` ` We are doing dozens if not hundreds of interviews a day , ' ' said Paul Moskal , a spokesman for the FBI office in Buffalo . Amherst police officials declined to comment Saturday . Slepian , 52 , an obstetrician and gynecologist , was shot through the kitchen window of his home in Amherst shortly after he and his wife returned home from synagogue on the night of Friday , Oct. 23 . Investigators in Canada and the United States are also looking into four other sniper attacks on doctors who performed abortions in Canada and western New York . ` ` They were being sought for interviews just because they  were literally in the area after the homicide , ' ' he  said . FBI officials said they were not certain whether Stauber or Gingrich had been involved in antiabortion activities . The two men are believed to live in the Cleveland area . Inspector Keith MacCaskill of the Winnipeg Police Service , a Canadian member of a law - enforcement task force investigating all five of the shootings , said he had never heard of the men . Moskal emphasized that no one has been named as a suspect in Slepian 's death . 	answer: positive
event: they were literally in the area after the homicide starts after They were being sought for interviews just because they were literally in the area after the homicide he said story: The two men , Ronald Stauber and Michael Gingrich , were named Thursday in a bulletin sent by the FBI office in Cleveland to police departments across the country . The men were not termed suspects , and FBI officials on Saturday played down the likelihood that either was involved in the Oct. 23 killing of the doctor , Barnett Slepian . ` ` We are doing dozens if not hundreds of interviews a day , ' ' said Paul Moskal , a spokesman for the FBI office in Buffalo . Amherst police officials declined to comment Saturday . Slepian , 52 , an obstetrician and gynecologist , was shot through the kitchen window of his home in Amherst shortly after he and his wife returned home from synagogue on the night of Friday , Oct. 23 . Investigators in Canada and the United States are also looking into four other sniper attacks on doctors who performed abortions in Canada and western New York . ` ` They were being sought for interviews just because they  were literally in the area after the homicide , ' ' he  said . FBI officials said they were not certain whether Stauber or Gingrich had been involved in antiabortion activities . The two men are believed to live in the Cleveland area . Inspector Keith MacCaskill of the Winnipeg Police Service , a Canadian member of a law - enforcement task force investigating all five of the shootings , said he had never heard of the men . Moskal emphasized that no one has been named as a suspect in Slepian 's death . 	answer: negative
event: Meanwhile as VOA West Africa Correspondent Purnell Murdock reports General Abacha 's supporters began a two day rally in the capital , Abuja , to urge him to compete in this year 's election starts before thousands of people gathering in the capital Abuja early Tuesday for the two day rally supporting General Sani Abacha 's candidacy story: Nigerian security forces clashed in Lagos with anti - government demonstrators who were protesting calls for military leader Sani Abacha to run for president . Meanwhile , as VOA West Africa Correspondent Purnell Murdock reports , General Abacha 's supporters  began a two day rally in the capital , Abuja , to urge him to compete in this year 's election . Nigeria state radio says thousands of people began  gathering in the capital Abuja early Tuesday for the two day rally supporting General Sani Abacha 's candidacy . Organizers state the two days of music , dancing , and speeches is expected to draw some two million people . But as supporters of the military leader gathered in the north , riot police deployed in Nigeria 's southern commercial capital Lagos , to break up a protest rally called by the political opposition . Although General Abacha had not publicly announced his candidacy , many people believe an Abacha presidency is a foregone conclusion . Some analysts say the outcome of a face off between the police and anti Abacha political groups will be a test of the opposition 's resolve . Purnell Murdock , VOA News . 	answer: positive
event: Meanwhile as VOA West Africa Correspondent Purnell Murdock reports General Abacha 's supporters began a two day rally in the capital , Abuja , to urge him to compete in this year 's election starts after thousands of people gathering in the capital Abuja early Tuesday for the two day rally supporting General Sani Abacha 's candidacy story: Nigerian security forces clashed in Lagos with anti - government demonstrators who were protesting calls for military leader Sani Abacha to run for president . Meanwhile , as VOA West Africa Correspondent Purnell Murdock reports , General Abacha 's supporters  began a two day rally in the capital , Abuja , to urge him to compete in this year 's election . Nigeria state radio says thousands of people began  gathering in the capital Abuja early Tuesday for the two day rally supporting General Sani Abacha 's candidacy . Organizers state the two days of music , dancing , and speeches is expected to draw some two million people . But as supporters of the military leader gathered in the north , riot police deployed in Nigeria 's southern commercial capital Lagos , to break up a protest rally called by the political opposition . Although General Abacha had not publicly announced his candidacy , many people believe an Abacha presidency is a foregone conclusion . Some analysts say the outcome of a face off between the police and anti Abacha political groups will be a test of the opposition 's resolve . Purnell Murdock , VOA News . 	answer: negative
event: Midland Doherty Ltd. Provigo 's profit record over the past two years tarnished the company 's and Mr. Lortie 's reputations starts before the six months ended Aug. 12 story: He could n't be reached for comment . " " At this stage it was felt I was perhaps more pertinent as chief executive . " At a news conference , Mr. Nadeau said the sale of the three non - food businesses , which account for nearly half the company 's C$ 900 million in assets , should be completed in a " matter of months . " The three units are a nationwide pharmaceutical and health - products distributor , a small sporting - goods chain , and a combination catalog showroom and toy - store chain . Mr. Lortie 's departure , while sudden , was seen as inevitable in light of the shift in strategy . " For the six months  ended Aug. 12 , Provigo posted net income of C$ 6.5 million , or eight Canadian cents a share , compared with C$ 18.1 million , or 21 Canadian cents a share , a year earlier . Sales were C$ 4.2 billion compared with C$ 3.7 billion . Last month , Canadian Bond Rating Service downgraded Provigo 's commercial paper and debentures because of its lackluster performance . He said all three non - food operations are profitable . Mr. Nadeau said discussions are under way with potential purchasers of each of the units . He declined to confirm or deny reports that Provigo executive Henri Roy is trying to put together a management buy - out of the catalogue showroom unit . Mr. Bussieres was president and chief operating officer of Provigo 's Quebec retail and wholesale grocery unit . Mr. Nadeau said he intends to remain Provigo 's chief executive only until the non - food businesses are sold , after a which a new chief executive will be named . 	answer: positive
event: Midland Doherty Ltd. Provigo 's profit record over the past two years tarnished the company 's and Mr. Lortie 's reputations starts after the six months ended Aug. 12 story: He could n't be reached for comment . " " At this stage it was felt I was perhaps more pertinent as chief executive . " At a news conference , Mr. Nadeau said the sale of the three non - food businesses , which account for nearly half the company 's C$ 900 million in assets , should be completed in a " matter of months . " The three units are a nationwide pharmaceutical and health - products distributor , a small sporting - goods chain , and a combination catalog showroom and toy - store chain . Mr. Lortie 's departure , while sudden , was seen as inevitable in light of the shift in strategy . " For the six months  ended Aug. 12 , Provigo posted net income of C$ 6.5 million , or eight Canadian cents a share , compared with C$ 18.1 million , or 21 Canadian cents a share , a year earlier . Sales were C$ 4.2 billion compared with C$ 3.7 billion . Last month , Canadian Bond Rating Service downgraded Provigo 's commercial paper and debentures because of its lackluster performance . He said all three non - food operations are profitable . Mr. Nadeau said discussions are under way with potential purchasers of each of the units . He declined to confirm or deny reports that Provigo executive Henri Roy is trying to put together a management buy - out of the catalogue showroom unit . Mr. Bussieres was president and chief operating officer of Provigo 's Quebec retail and wholesale grocery unit . Mr. Nadeau said he intends to remain Provigo 's chief executive only until the non - food businesses are sold , after a which a new chief executive will be named . 	answer: negative
event: Revenue soared to $ 101.7 million from $ 39.5 million starts after began trading on the New York Stock Exchange in August story: Ogden Projects Inc. said net income jumped to $ 6.6 million , or 18 cents a share , in the third quarter . The Fairfield , N.J. , company , which is 92%-owned by Ogden Corp. , New York , had net of $ 1.1 million , or four cents a share , a year ago . Revenue  soared to $ 101.7 million from $ 39.5 million . Ogden Projects , whose shares  began trading on the New York Stock Exchange in August , closed yesterday at $ 26.875 , down 75 cents . The stock began trading this summer at $ 14 apiece . Ogden Projects , which has interests in solid - waste recovery and hazardous - waste cleanup , said it has 13 facilities in operation , up from seven a year ago . Meanwhile , Ogden Corp. , which also has interests in building maintenance and management , reported third - quarter net income of $ 27.1 million , or 67 cents a share , more than twice the $ 13.5 million , or 34 cents a share , a year earlier . Revenue rose 33 % to $ 378.1 million from $ 283.8 million . 	answer: positive
event: Revenue soared to $ 101.7 million from $ 39.5 million starts before began trading on the New York Stock Exchange in August story: Ogden Projects Inc. said net income jumped to $ 6.6 million , or 18 cents a share , in the third quarter . The Fairfield , N.J. , company , which is 92%-owned by Ogden Corp. , New York , had net of $ 1.1 million , or four cents a share , a year ago . Revenue  soared to $ 101.7 million from $ 39.5 million . Ogden Projects , whose shares  began trading on the New York Stock Exchange in August , closed yesterday at $ 26.875 , down 75 cents . The stock began trading this summer at $ 14 apiece . Ogden Projects , which has interests in solid - waste recovery and hazardous - waste cleanup , said it has 13 facilities in operation , up from seven a year ago . Meanwhile , Ogden Corp. , which also has interests in building maintenance and management , reported third - quarter net income of $ 27.1 million , or 67 cents a share , more than twice the $ 13.5 million , or 34 cents a share , a year earlier . Revenue rose 33 % to $ 378.1 million from $ 283.8 million . 	answer: negative
event: we will transfer Elian to his father starts after travel visas approved for Elian 's father , Juan Miguel Gonzalez , his immediate family and three other people _ a pediatrician , a psychologist and one of Elian 's favorite cousins story: But Miami 's volatile Cuban exiles continued to vow they would block any attempt to take Elian from the Little Havana home where he has been living with his Miami relatives , with some predicting bloodshed if federal agents come for the boy . ` ` We 'll try to do it peacefully , but you can only do so much . Late in the day , lawyers for Elian 's Miami family emerged from their third day - long meeting with federal officials , but said little . Federal officials made no immediate comment . D.C. Cuban President Fidel Castro has said they would live in the home of a Cuban diplomat in the Washington area until the court case surrounding Elian 's fate is resolved . Visas for the entourage of more than 20 teachers , classmates and others _ including Ricardo Alarcon , Cuban National Assembly president _ that Castro wants to accompany the family were not yet approved , officials said . His mother and 10 other people drowned . They immediately appealed to the 11th Circuit Court of Appeals in Atlanta . The terms of the talks changed dramatically , however , when Castro announced last Wednesday that the boy 's father was ready to travel to the United States . But by Monday , federal officials hardened their negotiating stance , insisting the boy would be turned over to his father once the Cuban group arrives in the United States . A new ABC News - Washington Post opinion poll shows that 6 of 10 Americans also believe the boy should go home with his father . But in Miami , Cuban exiles insist the majority of Americans do n't understand the dynamics of life in Cuba . 	answer: positive
event: we will transfer Elian to his father starts before travel visas approved for Elian 's father , Juan Miguel Gonzalez , his immediate family and three other people _ a pediatrician , a psychologist and one of Elian 's favorite cousins story: But Miami 's volatile Cuban exiles continued to vow they would block any attempt to take Elian from the Little Havana home where he has been living with his Miami relatives , with some predicting bloodshed if federal agents come for the boy . ` ` We 'll try to do it peacefully , but you can only do so much . Late in the day , lawyers for Elian 's Miami family emerged from their third day - long meeting with federal officials , but said little . Federal officials made no immediate comment . D.C. Cuban President Fidel Castro has said they would live in the home of a Cuban diplomat in the Washington area until the court case surrounding Elian 's fate is resolved . Visas for the entourage of more than 20 teachers , classmates and others _ including Ricardo Alarcon , Cuban National Assembly president _ that Castro wants to accompany the family were not yet approved , officials said . His mother and 10 other people drowned . They immediately appealed to the 11th Circuit Court of Appeals in Atlanta . The terms of the talks changed dramatically , however , when Castro announced last Wednesday that the boy 's father was ready to travel to the United States . But by Monday , federal officials hardened their negotiating stance , insisting the boy would be turned over to his father once the Cuban group arrives in the United States . A new ABC News - Washington Post opinion poll shows that 6 of 10 Americans also believe the boy should go home with his father . But in Miami , Cuban exiles insist the majority of Americans do n't understand the dynamics of life in Cuba . 	answer: negative
event: On the Toronto Stock Exchange yesterday Magna shares closed up 37.5 Canadian cents to C$ 9.625 starts after Mr. Stronach , founder and controlling shareholder of Magna , resigned as chief executive officer last year to seek , unsuccessfully , a seat in Canada 's Parliament story: Magna International Inc. 's chief financial officer , James McAlpine , resigned and its chairman , Frank Stronach , is stepping in to help turn the automotive - parts manufacturer around , the company said . Mr. Stronach will direct an effort to reduce overhead and curb capital spending " until a more satisfactory level of profit is achieved and maintained , " Magna said . Stephen Akerfeldt , currently vice president finance , will succeed Mr. McAlpine . An ambitious expansion has left Magna with excess capacity and a heavy debt load as the automotive industry enters a downturn . The company has reported declines in operating profit in each of the past three years , despite steady sales growth . Magna recently cut its quarterly dividend in half and the company 's Class A shares are wallowing far below their 52-week high of 16.125 Canadian dollars ( US$ 13.73 ) . On the Toronto Stock Exchange yesterday , Magna shares  closed up 37.5 Canadian cents to C$ 9.625 . Mr. Stronach , founder and controlling shareholder of Magna ,  resigned as chief executive officer last year to seek , unsuccessfully , a seat in Canada 's Parliament . Analysts said Mr. Stronach wants to resume a more influential role in running the company . They expect him to cut costs throughout the organization . The company said Mr. Stronach will personally direct the restructuring , assisted by Manfred Gingl , president and chief executive . Neither they nor Mr. McAlpine could be reached for comment . Magna said Mr. McAlpine resigned to pursue a consulting career , with Magna as one of his clients . 	answer: positive
event: On the Toronto Stock Exchange yesterday Magna shares closed up 37.5 Canadian cents to C$ 9.625 starts before Mr. Stronach , founder and controlling shareholder of Magna , resigned as chief executive officer last year to seek , unsuccessfully , a seat in Canada 's Parliament story: Magna International Inc. 's chief financial officer , James McAlpine , resigned and its chairman , Frank Stronach , is stepping in to help turn the automotive - parts manufacturer around , the company said . Mr. Stronach will direct an effort to reduce overhead and curb capital spending " until a more satisfactory level of profit is achieved and maintained , " Magna said . Stephen Akerfeldt , currently vice president finance , will succeed Mr. McAlpine . An ambitious expansion has left Magna with excess capacity and a heavy debt load as the automotive industry enters a downturn . The company has reported declines in operating profit in each of the past three years , despite steady sales growth . Magna recently cut its quarterly dividend in half and the company 's Class A shares are wallowing far below their 52-week high of 16.125 Canadian dollars ( US$ 13.73 ) . On the Toronto Stock Exchange yesterday , Magna shares  closed up 37.5 Canadian cents to C$ 9.625 . Mr. Stronach , founder and controlling shareholder of Magna ,  resigned as chief executive officer last year to seek , unsuccessfully , a seat in Canada 's Parliament . Analysts said Mr. Stronach wants to resume a more influential role in running the company . They expect him to cut costs throughout the organization . The company said Mr. Stronach will personally direct the restructuring , assisted by Manfred Gingl , president and chief executive . Neither they nor Mr. McAlpine could be reached for comment . Magna said Mr. McAlpine resigned to pursue a consulting career , with Magna as one of his clients . 	answer: negative
event: the company 's fortunes plunged starts before the Cabbage Patch dolls whose sales hit $ 600 million in 1985 story: Coleco Industries Inc. , a once high - flying toy maker whose stock peaked at $ 65 a share in the early 1980s , filed a Chapter 11 reorganization plan that provides just 1.125 cents a share for common stockholders . Under the plan , unsecured creditors , who are owed about $ 430 million , would receive about $ 92 million , or 21 cents for each dollar they are owed . In addition , they will receive stock in the reorganized company , which will be named Ranger Industries Inc. After these payments , about $ 225,000 will be available for the 20 million common shares outstanding . The Avon , Conn. , company 's stock hit a high in 1983 after it unveiled its Adam home computer , but the product was plagued with glitches and the company 's fortunes  plunged . But Coleco bounced back with the introduction of the Cabbage Patch dolls , whose sales  hit $ 600 million in 1985 . But as the craze died , Coleco failed to come up with another winner and filed for bankruptcy - law protection in July 1988 . The plan was filed jointly with unsecured creditors in federal bankruptcy court in New York and must be approved by the court . 	answer: positive
event: the company 's fortunes plunged starts after the Cabbage Patch dolls whose sales hit $ 600 million in 1985 story: Coleco Industries Inc. , a once high - flying toy maker whose stock peaked at $ 65 a share in the early 1980s , filed a Chapter 11 reorganization plan that provides just 1.125 cents a share for common stockholders . Under the plan , unsecured creditors , who are owed about $ 430 million , would receive about $ 92 million , or 21 cents for each dollar they are owed . In addition , they will receive stock in the reorganized company , which will be named Ranger Industries Inc. After these payments , about $ 225,000 will be available for the 20 million common shares outstanding . The Avon , Conn. , company 's stock hit a high in 1983 after it unveiled its Adam home computer , but the product was plagued with glitches and the company 's fortunes  plunged . But Coleco bounced back with the introduction of the Cabbage Patch dolls , whose sales  hit $ 600 million in 1985 . But as the craze died , Coleco failed to come up with another winner and filed for bankruptcy - law protection in July 1988 . The plan was filed jointly with unsecured creditors in federal bankruptcy court in New York and must be approved by the court . 	answer: negative
event: the accord which announced Friday starts before The myths that Japan is not open to concerns from outside I think demolished at a stroke story: Polly Peck 's chairman , Asil Nadir , echoed the official Japanese view of the accord , which was  announced Friday . " If you find sound , healthy companies in Japan , they are not for sale , " said George Watanabe , a management - consultant at But by all accounts foreign companies have bought only a relative handful of Japanese companies this year , while Japanese companies have acquired hundreds of foreign companies . But in recent years , the market has moved toward less expensive " mini - component " sets , miniaturized amplifiers and receivers and software players that could be stacked on top of each other . As the yen soared in recent years , Sansui 's deepening financial problems became a vicious circle . " Yoshihisa Murasawa , a management consultant for Booz - Allen amp Hamilton ( Japan ) Inc. , said his firm will likely be recommending acquisitions of Japanese companies more often to foreign clients in the future . " " Sansui , he said , is a perfect fit for Polly Peck 's electronics operations , which make televisions , videocassette recorders , microwaves and other products on an " original equipment maker " basis for sale under other companies ' brand names . Whatever capital it ( Sansui ) needs so it can compete and become a totally global entity capable of competing with the best in the world , that capital will be injected , " Mr. Nadir said . Such risk taking is an everyday matter for the brash Mr. Nadir , who is 25 % owner of Polly Peck as well as its chairman . 	answer: positive
event: the accord which announced Friday starts after The myths that Japan is not open to concerns from outside I think demolished at a stroke story: Polly Peck 's chairman , Asil Nadir , echoed the official Japanese view of the accord , which was  announced Friday . " If you find sound , healthy companies in Japan , they are not for sale , " said George Watanabe , a management - consultant at But by all accounts foreign companies have bought only a relative handful of Japanese companies this year , while Japanese companies have acquired hundreds of foreign companies . But in recent years , the market has moved toward less expensive " mini - component " sets , miniaturized amplifiers and receivers and software players that could be stacked on top of each other . As the yen soared in recent years , Sansui 's deepening financial problems became a vicious circle . " Yoshihisa Murasawa , a management consultant for Booz - Allen amp Hamilton ( Japan ) Inc. , said his firm will likely be recommending acquisitions of Japanese companies more often to foreign clients in the future . " " Sansui , he said , is a perfect fit for Polly Peck 's electronics operations , which make televisions , videocassette recorders , microwaves and other products on an " original equipment maker " basis for sale under other companies ' brand names . Whatever capital it ( Sansui ) needs so it can compete and become a totally global entity capable of competing with the best in the world , that capital will be injected , " Mr. Nadir said . Such risk taking is an everyday matter for the brash Mr. Nadir , who is 25 % owner of Polly Peck as well as its chairman . 	answer: negative
event: Clark , the Erie district attorney , said afterwards that investigators think the doctor 's killer buried the rifle in the days before the shooting , unearthed the weapon to fire the fatal shots , then hurriedly reburied it and fled starts after the doctor 's killer then hurriedly fled story: Based on physical evidence _ including a rifle found in April month buried near the doctor 's house and a match between fibers found near the murder and others found in Kopp 's car Since there is no federal homicide statute as such , the federal officials said Kopp could be charged under the recent Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act , which provides for a sentence of up to life imprisonment for someone convicted of physical assaults or threats against abortion providers . If Kopp were also indicted and convicted on state murder charges , he could face the death penalty . Slepian , a 52-year - old obstetrician and gynecologist who was the mainstay of Buffalo 's only abortion clinic , was shot to death on the night of Oct. 23 as he stood in the kitchen of his home in suburban Amherst , N.Y. chatting with his wife and one of his four sons . No weapon was recovered in the first police searches of the area around Slepian 's home . But on April 8 , investigators , wondering how the assailant could have emerged from the woods without fearing he would be seen carrying a rifle , searched the site of the shooting once more and unearthed a rifle buried one foot below ground 200 feet behind the Slepian home . Clark , the Erie district attorney ,  said afterwards that investigators think the doctor 's killer buried the rifle in the days before the shooting , unearthed the weapon to fire the fatal shots , then hurriedly reburied it and  fled . 	answer: positive
event: Clark , the Erie district attorney , said afterwards that investigators think the doctor 's killer buried the rifle in the days before the shooting , unearthed the weapon to fire the fatal shots , then hurriedly reburied it and fled starts before the doctor 's killer then hurriedly fled story: Based on physical evidence _ including a rifle found in April month buried near the doctor 's house and a match between fibers found near the murder and others found in Kopp 's car Since there is no federal homicide statute as such , the federal officials said Kopp could be charged under the recent Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act , which provides for a sentence of up to life imprisonment for someone convicted of physical assaults or threats against abortion providers . If Kopp were also indicted and convicted on state murder charges , he could face the death penalty . Slepian , a 52-year - old obstetrician and gynecologist who was the mainstay of Buffalo 's only abortion clinic , was shot to death on the night of Oct. 23 as he stood in the kitchen of his home in suburban Amherst , N.Y. chatting with his wife and one of his four sons . No weapon was recovered in the first police searches of the area around Slepian 's home . But on April 8 , investigators , wondering how the assailant could have emerged from the woods without fearing he would be seen carrying a rifle , searched the site of the shooting once more and unearthed a rifle buried one foot below ground 200 feet behind the Slepian home . Clark , the Erie district attorney ,  said afterwards that investigators think the doctor 's killer buried the rifle in the days before the shooting , unearthed the weapon to fire the fatal shots , then hurriedly reburied it and  fled . 	answer: negative
event: Nashua strengthening a poison - pill plan starts before Nashua saying it will buy back up to one million of its shares , or 10.4 % of the 9.6 million outstanding story: Nashua immediately responded by  strengthening a poison - pill plan and  saying it will buy back up to one million of its shares , or 10.4 % of the 9.6 million outstanding . Nashua , whose major business is selling copiers , facsimile machines and related supplies , said Reiss amp Co. B.V. of the Netherlands filed a request with the Federal Trade Commission under the Hart - Scott - Rodino Act for permission to buy more than $ 15 million of Nashua 's stock but less than 25 % . Nashua 's stock has fluctuated sharply on takeover speculation , rising to a high for the year of $ 42.875 a share in June from $ 29.75 in March . But the company has had weak results so far this year , with earnings declining 43 % to $ 13.7 million , or $ 1.43 a share , on a 4 % decline in revenue to $ 713.5 million through the first nine months of the year . " The company said it amended its shareholder rights plan by reducing to 10 % from 20 % the level of ownership by an outsider that would trigger the issuance to other holders of rights to buy additional shares of Nashua common at half price . In addition , the company 's board authorized the purchase of up to an additional one million shares . Under a program approved by the company in 1987 that did n't specify a share amount , Nashua had purchased 481,000 shares through Sept. 29 . " He estimated the breakup value at $ 55 a share . 	answer: positive
event: Nashua strengthening a poison - pill plan starts after Nashua saying it will buy back up to one million of its shares , or 10.4 % of the 9.6 million outstanding story: Nashua immediately responded by  strengthening a poison - pill plan and  saying it will buy back up to one million of its shares , or 10.4 % of the 9.6 million outstanding . Nashua , whose major business is selling copiers , facsimile machines and related supplies , said Reiss amp Co. B.V. of the Netherlands filed a request with the Federal Trade Commission under the Hart - Scott - Rodino Act for permission to buy more than $ 15 million of Nashua 's stock but less than 25 % . Nashua 's stock has fluctuated sharply on takeover speculation , rising to a high for the year of $ 42.875 a share in June from $ 29.75 in March . But the company has had weak results so far this year , with earnings declining 43 % to $ 13.7 million , or $ 1.43 a share , on a 4 % decline in revenue to $ 713.5 million through the first nine months of the year . " The company said it amended its shareholder rights plan by reducing to 10 % from 20 % the level of ownership by an outsider that would trigger the issuance to other holders of rights to buy additional shares of Nashua common at half price . In addition , the company 's board authorized the purchase of up to an additional one million shares . Under a program approved by the company in 1987 that did n't specify a share amount , Nashua had purchased 481,000 shares through Sept. 29 . " He estimated the breakup value at $ 55 a share . 	answer: negative
event: Gonzalez saying he did not recognize the courts hearing the custody battle starts before The Justice Department said it was reviewing that letter story: HAVANA ( AP ) -- Elian Gonzalez 's father said in a letter published Wednesday that he wants Cuban diplomats based in Washington to meet with his 6-year - old son in Miami and check on his condition . ` ` We are worried not only about his prolonged kidnapping , ' ' ` ` We lack direct information about the concrete conditions to which he is subjected in his daily life . ' ' It was likely to be opposed by Elian 's Miami relatives , who are fighting to keep the boy in the United States and who have said they think Gonzalez is being controlled by Fidel Castro 's government . Hundreds of former fighters in the revolution that brought Castro to power 42 years ago gathered Wednesday night to denounce the Miami ` ` worms ' ' who support Elian 's being kept in the United States . Gonzalez had written a letter earlier this week to Attorney General Janet Reno , demanding Elian be returned to him and  saying he did not recognize the courts hearing the custody battle . The Justice Department  said it was reviewing that letter . Gonzalez 's second letter to Reno in two weeks was published in Granma on Tuesday . ` ` I formally object to the legal moves made or being made by those who are arbitrarily retaining Elian , ' ' Gonzalez said in the letter , dated Monday . The boy 's mother and 10 other people died when their boat sank on the way from Cuba to the United States . ` ` Juan Miguel must not have written the letter himself , ' ' said Armando Gutierrez , spokesman for Elian 's relatives in Miami . 	answer: positive
event: Gonzalez saying he did not recognize the courts hearing the custody battle starts after The Justice Department said it was reviewing that letter story: HAVANA ( AP ) -- Elian Gonzalez 's father said in a letter published Wednesday that he wants Cuban diplomats based in Washington to meet with his 6-year - old son in Miami and check on his condition . ` ` We are worried not only about his prolonged kidnapping , ' ' ` ` We lack direct information about the concrete conditions to which he is subjected in his daily life . ' ' It was likely to be opposed by Elian 's Miami relatives , who are fighting to keep the boy in the United States and who have said they think Gonzalez is being controlled by Fidel Castro 's government . Hundreds of former fighters in the revolution that brought Castro to power 42 years ago gathered Wednesday night to denounce the Miami ` ` worms ' ' who support Elian 's being kept in the United States . Gonzalez had written a letter earlier this week to Attorney General Janet Reno , demanding Elian be returned to him and  saying he did not recognize the courts hearing the custody battle . The Justice Department  said it was reviewing that letter . Gonzalez 's second letter to Reno in two weeks was published in Granma on Tuesday . ` ` I formally object to the legal moves made or being made by those who are arbitrarily retaining Elian , ' ' Gonzalez said in the letter , dated Monday . The boy 's mother and 10 other people died when their boat sank on the way from Cuba to the United States . ` ` Juan Miguel must not have written the letter himself , ' ' said Armando Gutierrez , spokesman for Elian 's relatives in Miami . 	answer: negative
event: Eric Rudolph been on the run since the January 1998 bombing of a Birmingham , Ala. , abortion clinic that killed an off - duty police officer and maimed a nurse starts after the January 1998 bombing of a Birmingham , Ala. , abortion clinic that killed an off - duty police officer story: BUFFALO , N.Y. ( AP ) -- Dr. Barnett Slepian , just back from synagogue , was heating soup in his kitchen last fall when he was gunned down with a single shot through a window . But for the first time , authorities have named a suspect in the slaying -- anti - abortion activist James Kopp . ` ` Today , I 'm here to tell you we have our suspect , ' ' said Bernard Tolbert , special agent - in - charge of the FBI 's Buffalo office . Kopp , 44 , of St. Albans , Vt . , became the subject of an international manhunt in November when he was called a witness in the case . Both charges carry a penalty of up to life in prison . Kopp 's whereabouts remain unknown . Until Thursday , they had not called Kopp a suspect . Investigators would not divulge the evidence against Kopp but said last month 's discovery of a scope - equipped rifle buried near the Slepian home represented a major breakthrough . Kopp also has been linked , through DNA testing , to a strand of hair found near where the sniper fired , law enforcement sources have said . Nicknamed the ` ` Atomic Dog ' ' in anti - abortion circles , Kopp had been arrested in several states since 1990 for protesting abortion . Eric Rudolph has  been on the run since the January 1998 bombing of a Birmingham , Ala. , abortion clinic that  killed an off - duty police officer and maimed a nurse . He also is charged in three Atlanta attacks , including the 1996 Olympic bombing that killed one person . 	answer: positive
event: Eric Rudolph been on the run since the January 1998 bombing of a Birmingham , Ala. , abortion clinic that killed an off - duty police officer and maimed a nurse starts before the January 1998 bombing of a Birmingham , Ala. , abortion clinic that killed an off - duty police officer story: BUFFALO , N.Y. ( AP ) -- Dr. Barnett Slepian , just back from synagogue , was heating soup in his kitchen last fall when he was gunned down with a single shot through a window . But for the first time , authorities have named a suspect in the slaying -- anti - abortion activist James Kopp . ` ` Today , I 'm here to tell you we have our suspect , ' ' said Bernard Tolbert , special agent - in - charge of the FBI 's Buffalo office . Kopp , 44 , of St. Albans , Vt . , became the subject of an international manhunt in November when he was called a witness in the case . Both charges carry a penalty of up to life in prison . Kopp 's whereabouts remain unknown . Until Thursday , they had not called Kopp a suspect . Investigators would not divulge the evidence against Kopp but said last month 's discovery of a scope - equipped rifle buried near the Slepian home represented a major breakthrough . Kopp also has been linked , through DNA testing , to a strand of hair found near where the sniper fired , law enforcement sources have said . Nicknamed the ` ` Atomic Dog ' ' in anti - abortion circles , Kopp had been arrested in several states since 1990 for protesting abortion . Eric Rudolph has  been on the run since the January 1998 bombing of a Birmingham , Ala. , abortion clinic that  killed an off - duty police officer and maimed a nurse . He also is charged in three Atlanta attacks , including the 1996 Olympic bombing that killed one person . 	answer: negative
event: About 500 people attended a Sunday night memorial service for the Buffalo - area physician who performed abortions , one year after he was killed by a sniper 's bullet starts after A nurse who critically injured in the 1998 abortion clinic bombing in Birmingham , Ala. , story: BUFFALO , N.Y. ( AP ) -- About 500 people  attended a Sunday night memorial service for the Buffalo - area physician who performed abortions , one year after he was killed by a sniper 's bullet . A nurse who was critically  injured in the 1998 abortion clinic bombing in Birmingham , Ala. , was among those who attended the interfaith ceremony at a Presbyterian church for Dr. Barnett Slepian . Police kept watch outside and about 25 undercover police were scattered throughout the crowd . ` ` But it 's not tonight we 're worried about . It 's all of the other dark nights . ' ' A memorial service planned at the University of Rochester for Saturday was canceled after security plans were leaked . Earlier that day , the Slepian family sent a fax to local police explaining that abortion providers were warned that one of them might be targeted for assassination . On May 6 , James Kopp , 44 , was charged with the slaying . Kopp remains at - large and police admit that despite a worldwide search and a $ 1 million reward , they do n't know where he is . ` ` It 's very frustrating knowing that he 's out there , ' ' said Ms. Buckham . A tearful audience also listened to registered nurse Emily Lyons , who has undergone a number of operations since the Alabama clinic bombing and has permanently damaged eyesight . She spoke of Slepian and other abortion providers who have been killed . ` ` They paid an awful price for reproductive freedom and the women they served , ' ' she said . 	answer: positive
event: About 500 people attended a Sunday night memorial service for the Buffalo - area physician who performed abortions , one year after he was killed by a sniper 's bullet starts before A nurse who critically injured in the 1998 abortion clinic bombing in Birmingham , Ala. , story: BUFFALO , N.Y. ( AP ) -- About 500 people  attended a Sunday night memorial service for the Buffalo - area physician who performed abortions , one year after he was killed by a sniper 's bullet . A nurse who was critically  injured in the 1998 abortion clinic bombing in Birmingham , Ala. , was among those who attended the interfaith ceremony at a Presbyterian church for Dr. Barnett Slepian . Police kept watch outside and about 25 undercover police were scattered throughout the crowd . ` ` But it 's not tonight we 're worried about . It 's all of the other dark nights . ' ' A memorial service planned at the University of Rochester for Saturday was canceled after security plans were leaked . Earlier that day , the Slepian family sent a fax to local police explaining that abortion providers were warned that one of them might be targeted for assassination . On May 6 , James Kopp , 44 , was charged with the slaying . Kopp remains at - large and police admit that despite a worldwide search and a $ 1 million reward , they do n't know where he is . ` ` It 's very frustrating knowing that he 's out there , ' ' said Ms. Buckham . A tearful audience also listened to registered nurse Emily Lyons , who has undergone a number of operations since the Alabama clinic bombing and has permanently damaged eyesight . She spoke of Slepian and other abortion providers who have been killed . ` ` They paid an awful price for reproductive freedom and the women they served , ' ' she said . 	answer: negative
event: he realized that Paribas 's intentions were n't friendly starts after Once he realized that Paribas 's intentions were n't friendly before the bid was launched he sought approval to boost his Paribas stake above 10 % story: At a news conference , Mr. Fournier accused Paribas of planning to pay for the takeover by selling parts of the company , whose interests include insurance , banking , tuna canning , sugar and orange juice . But sources said he will be urging his allies to boost their stakes in Navigation Mixte , which is being traded in London and is to resume trading in Paris Tuesday . For the moment , the sources said , he has decided against seeking a white knight or organizing a counterbid for Paribas . Mr. Fournier said the exceptional gain would mean nearly twice as high a dividend this year as last . Analysts noted that over the past 20 years , Mr. Fournier has built his company through astute stock - market activity and has warded off at least three takeover attempts . This time , however , some analysts think he could face a real battle . The petition is still pending , but Mr. Fournier downplayed the likelihood of his organizing a takeover bid of his own for the much - larger Paribas . Allianz , for example , has said in official comments so far that it will remain neutral . Paribas is Allianz 's lead French bank . Paribas said Monday that it intends to bid to boost its stake in Navigation Mixte to 66.7 % , from the 18.7 % it already owns . The purchase of the additional 48 % stake is expected to cost more than 11 billion francs ( $ 1.77 billion ) . 	answer: positive
event: he realized that Paribas 's intentions were n't friendly starts before Once he realized that Paribas 's intentions were n't friendly before the bid was launched he sought approval to boost his Paribas stake above 10 % story: At a news conference , Mr. Fournier accused Paribas of planning to pay for the takeover by selling parts of the company , whose interests include insurance , banking , tuna canning , sugar and orange juice . But sources said he will be urging his allies to boost their stakes in Navigation Mixte , which is being traded in London and is to resume trading in Paris Tuesday . For the moment , the sources said , he has decided against seeking a white knight or organizing a counterbid for Paribas . Mr. Fournier said the exceptional gain would mean nearly twice as high a dividend this year as last . Analysts noted that over the past 20 years , Mr. Fournier has built his company through astute stock - market activity and has warded off at least three takeover attempts . This time , however , some analysts think he could face a real battle . The petition is still pending , but Mr. Fournier downplayed the likelihood of his organizing a takeover bid of his own for the much - larger Paribas . Allianz , for example , has said in official comments so far that it will remain neutral . Paribas is Allianz 's lead French bank . Paribas said Monday that it intends to bid to boost its stake in Navigation Mixte to 66.7 % , from the 18.7 % it already owns . The purchase of the additional 48 % stake is expected to cost more than 11 billion francs ( $ 1.77 billion ) . 	answer: negative
event: when pro - life organizations try to distinguish between themselves and these incidents starts after the ones who call these doctors murderers story: Additional details of the slaying emerged on Sunday . Just over an hour later , he was declared dead at nearby Millard Fillmore Suburban Hospital . Spitz said in a statement released to The Associated Press , ` ` the same way we would want someone to protect us . ' Most other opponents of abortion , however , condemned the shooting and abortion . Joseph Zwilling , a spokesman for the Archdiocese of New York , said of the cardinal 's sermon . Bishop Henry Mansell of the Archdiocese of Buffalo said it was ` ` an act of madness , ' ' ' Susan Dudley , deputy director of the National Abortion Federation , assailed the remarks and called on anti - abortion groups to shift their tactics . She said the rhetoric of the anti - abortion movement has helped lead to violent attacks against abortion providers . ` ` I think that when pro - life organizations  try to distinguish between themselves and these incidents they are at best being disingenuous , ' ' she said . ` ` They are the ones who  call these doctors murderers . ' ' In Amherst , residents who said they opposed abortion decried the attack and said they hoped the perpetrator was caught . ` ` The only people that are left are the hard - core , fanatical people , ' ' said Larry Finkelstien , a high school teacher who works as an escort at abortion clinics . ` ` Everyone else has gone away . ' ' 	answer: positive
event: when pro - life organizations try to distinguish between themselves and these incidents starts before the ones who call these doctors murderers story: Additional details of the slaying emerged on Sunday . Just over an hour later , he was declared dead at nearby Millard Fillmore Suburban Hospital . Spitz said in a statement released to The Associated Press , ` ` the same way we would want someone to protect us . ' Most other opponents of abortion , however , condemned the shooting and abortion . Joseph Zwilling , a spokesman for the Archdiocese of New York , said of the cardinal 's sermon . Bishop Henry Mansell of the Archdiocese of Buffalo said it was ` ` an act of madness , ' ' ' Susan Dudley , deputy director of the National Abortion Federation , assailed the remarks and called on anti - abortion groups to shift their tactics . She said the rhetoric of the anti - abortion movement has helped lead to violent attacks against abortion providers . ` ` I think that when pro - life organizations  try to distinguish between themselves and these incidents they are at best being disingenuous , ' ' she said . ` ` They are the ones who  call these doctors murderers . ' ' In Amherst , residents who said they opposed abortion decried the attack and said they hoped the perpetrator was caught . ` ` The only people that are left are the hard - core , fanatical people , ' ' said Larry Finkelstien , a high school teacher who works as an escort at abortion clinics . ` ` Everyone else has gone away . ' ' 	answer: negative
event: The acceptances give Orkem a controlling 53.2 % stake in the company starts after the two considering a merger through Orkem 's British subsidiary story: Orkem S.A. , a French state - controlled chemical manufacturer , is making a friendly bid of 470 pence ( $ 7.43 ) a share for the 59.2 % of U.K. specialty chemical group Coates Brothers PLC which it does n't already own , the two sides said . The offer , which values the whole of Coates at # 301 million , has already been accepted by Coates executives and other shareholders owning 12.4 % of the company . The acceptances  give Orkem a controlling 53.2 % stake in the company . Orkem and Coates said last Wednesday that the two were  considering a merger , through Orkem 's British subsidiary , Orkem Coatings U.K. Ltd. Orkem , France 's third - largest chemical group , said it would fund the acquisition through internal resources . The takeover would be followed by a restructuring of Orkem 's U.K. unit , including the addition of related Orkem businesses and possibly further acquisitions . Orkem said it eventually would seek to make a public share offering in its U.K. business . 	answer: positive
event: The acceptances give Orkem a controlling 53.2 % stake in the company starts before the two considering a merger through Orkem 's British subsidiary story: Orkem S.A. , a French state - controlled chemical manufacturer , is making a friendly bid of 470 pence ( $ 7.43 ) a share for the 59.2 % of U.K. specialty chemical group Coates Brothers PLC which it does n't already own , the two sides said . The offer , which values the whole of Coates at # 301 million , has already been accepted by Coates executives and other shareholders owning 12.4 % of the company . The acceptances  give Orkem a controlling 53.2 % stake in the company . Orkem and Coates said last Wednesday that the two were  considering a merger , through Orkem 's British subsidiary , Orkem Coatings U.K. Ltd. Orkem , France 's third - largest chemical group , said it would fund the acquisition through internal resources . The takeover would be followed by a restructuring of Orkem 's U.K. unit , including the addition of related Orkem businesses and possibly further acquisitions . Orkem said it eventually would seek to make a public share offering in its U.K. business . 	answer: negative
event: In a New York Times / CBS News poll completed on Saturday 69 percent of those polled said they did not know D'Amato 's position on abortion starts after In a New York Times / CBS News poll completed on Saturday only 19 percent knew that he opposed abortion rights story: In the race for attorney general , the Democratic candidate , Eliot Spitzer , who favors abortion rights , has moved quickly to make the anti - abortion position of his opponent , Attorney General Dennis Vacco , a central issue in the campaign . No suspects have been identified . Even before the killing , Schumer was tyring to draw more attention to the anti - abortion record of his opponent , Senator Alfonse D'Amato , a Republican who is also running on the Right to Life Party line . The measure made it a Federal crime to attack or blockade an abortion clinic . Now , Ms. Conlin said , it will have new resonance , and the organization is considering buying more air time . It brings it home . ' ' D'Amato 's aides would not comment about the political ramifications of the slaying , and Schumer 's aides would not talk about whether they planned to refer to it in any advertisements , or whether the candidate planned to use it on the campaign trail . ` ` Both Senator D'Amato and Chuck Schumer agree this was a horrific crime and a horrible tragedy , ' ' said Josh Isay , Schumer 's campaign manager . ` ` Eliot is going to make a huge priority of this , ' ' ` ` Stopping clinic violence is going to be a major theme of our campaign from now to Election Day . ' Goldstein , who said it was ` ` thoroughly , thoroughly possible ' ' that the issue would surface in Spitzer 's advertisements , defended the use of the issue by noting that the attorney general has direct impact on the issue of clinic access . 	answer: positive
event: In a New York Times / CBS News poll completed on Saturday 69 percent of those polled said they did not know D'Amato 's position on abortion starts before In a New York Times / CBS News poll completed on Saturday only 19 percent knew that he opposed abortion rights story: In the race for attorney general , the Democratic candidate , Eliot Spitzer , who favors abortion rights , has moved quickly to make the anti - abortion position of his opponent , Attorney General Dennis Vacco , a central issue in the campaign . No suspects have been identified . Even before the killing , Schumer was tyring to draw more attention to the anti - abortion record of his opponent , Senator Alfonse D'Amato , a Republican who is also running on the Right to Life Party line . The measure made it a Federal crime to attack or blockade an abortion clinic . Now , Ms. Conlin said , it will have new resonance , and the organization is considering buying more air time . It brings it home . ' ' D'Amato 's aides would not comment about the political ramifications of the slaying , and Schumer 's aides would not talk about whether they planned to refer to it in any advertisements , or whether the candidate planned to use it on the campaign trail . ` ` Both Senator D'Amato and Chuck Schumer agree this was a horrific crime and a horrible tragedy , ' ' said Josh Isay , Schumer 's campaign manager . ` ` Eliot is going to make a huge priority of this , ' ' ` ` Stopping clinic violence is going to be a major theme of our campaign from now to Election Day . ' Goldstein , who said it was ` ` thoroughly , thoroughly possible ' ' that the issue would surface in Spitzer 's advertisements , defended the use of the issue by noting that the attorney general has direct impact on the issue of clinic access . 	answer: negative
event: according to Jordanian officials a smaller line into Jordan remained operating starts before according to Jordanian officials a smaller line into Jordan operating story: Iraq 's Saddam Hussein , facing U.S. and Arab troops at the Saudi border , today sought peace on another front by promising to withdraw from Iranian territory and release soldiers captured during the Iran - Iraq war . Soviet Foreign Ministry spokesman Yuri Gremitskikh said special ambassador Mikhail Sytenko left Tuesday for consultations with the governments of Syria , Jordan , Egypt and other Arab countries . Spokesman Yuri Gremitskikh said the first group of 230 evacuees was assembling in Baghdad today , but evacuation plans were hampered by desert heat and lack of transportation . With Kuwait now ` ` annexed , ' ' Egyptian and Moroccan troops are already there . Turkey and Saudi Arabia in effect shut down Iraq 's major oil outlets through those countries , but according to Jordanian officials , a smaller line into Jordan  remained  operating . In an interview from Jordan on ABC , he declined to discuss details , but said : ` ` I do n't think that his majesty would be traveling at this crucial moment if the Iraqi leadership did not have a rational approach to the future . ' Bush , however , says he sees no short - term hope for a diplomatic solution to the gulf crisis Bush held out the prospect of more aid to Jordan if it cooperates with the trade embargo . On Tuesday , the United States and Soviet Union conferred in Washington on putting an anti - Iraq naval blockade under a United Nations umbrella . The embargo is meant to cripple Iraq by cutting off its exports of oil and imports of food and military supplies . Iraq has 17 million residents , and Kuwait about 1.9 million . 	answer: positive
event: according to Jordanian officials a smaller line into Jordan remained operating starts after according to Jordanian officials a smaller line into Jordan operating story: Iraq 's Saddam Hussein , facing U.S. and Arab troops at the Saudi border , today sought peace on another front by promising to withdraw from Iranian territory and release soldiers captured during the Iran - Iraq war . Soviet Foreign Ministry spokesman Yuri Gremitskikh said special ambassador Mikhail Sytenko left Tuesday for consultations with the governments of Syria , Jordan , Egypt and other Arab countries . Spokesman Yuri Gremitskikh said the first group of 230 evacuees was assembling in Baghdad today , but evacuation plans were hampered by desert heat and lack of transportation . With Kuwait now ` ` annexed , ' ' Egyptian and Moroccan troops are already there . Turkey and Saudi Arabia in effect shut down Iraq 's major oil outlets through those countries , but according to Jordanian officials , a smaller line into Jordan  remained  operating . In an interview from Jordan on ABC , he declined to discuss details , but said : ` ` I do n't think that his majesty would be traveling at this crucial moment if the Iraqi leadership did not have a rational approach to the future . ' Bush , however , says he sees no short - term hope for a diplomatic solution to the gulf crisis Bush held out the prospect of more aid to Jordan if it cooperates with the trade embargo . On Tuesday , the United States and Soviet Union conferred in Washington on putting an anti - Iraq naval blockade under a United Nations umbrella . The embargo is meant to cripple Iraq by cutting off its exports of oil and imports of food and military supplies . Iraq has 17 million residents , and Kuwait about 1.9 million . 	answer: negative
event: He said they have manipulated his son to believe that his mother still may show up someday -- in this country starts after what they doing to this boy story: The 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Atlanta has been asked by the U.S. government to suspend a ruling by one of its judges that prevents the removal of Elian from the country . His mother and 10 other people fleeing Cuba drowned when their boat sank . The Justice Department wants the appeals court to suspend the temporary injunction issued Thursday and also order Elian 's great - uncle , Lazaro Gonzalez , to release the boy . The relatives want the court to let them meet with Elian 's father without being required to surrender the boy . he 's suffering more here amongst them than he suffered in the sea . ' He can not decide for himself . During the time of the broadcast on Sunday , family members and Elian were outside the home of Lazaro Gonzalez and did not publicly comment after the show . Fidel Castro is claiming the son , not him , ' ' said Olga Coto , 56 , of Miami . ' ' Many worried their efforts to keep the boy in Miami would fail today , the 39th anniversary of the Bay of Pigs fiasco , an aborted invasion of Cuba by CIA - trained exiles that left much bitterness among the Cuban - American community . ' ' We were betrayed by the government , by ( President ) Kennedy , and if they turned the child back over , it will be a second betrayal , ' ' said Josefa Gonzalez , who left Cuba in 1962 when she was 4 . But we will follow in the path that the Lord has shown us , despite those who want to get in our way . ' ' 	answer: positive
event: He said they have manipulated his son to believe that his mother still may show up someday -- in this country starts before what they doing to this boy story: The 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Atlanta has been asked by the U.S. government to suspend a ruling by one of its judges that prevents the removal of Elian from the country . His mother and 10 other people fleeing Cuba drowned when their boat sank . The Justice Department wants the appeals court to suspend the temporary injunction issued Thursday and also order Elian 's great - uncle , Lazaro Gonzalez , to release the boy . The relatives want the court to let them meet with Elian 's father without being required to surrender the boy . he 's suffering more here amongst them than he suffered in the sea . ' He can not decide for himself . During the time of the broadcast on Sunday , family members and Elian were outside the home of Lazaro Gonzalez and did not publicly comment after the show . Fidel Castro is claiming the son , not him , ' ' said Olga Coto , 56 , of Miami . ' ' Many worried their efforts to keep the boy in Miami would fail today , the 39th anniversary of the Bay of Pigs fiasco , an aborted invasion of Cuba by CIA - trained exiles that left much bitterness among the Cuban - American community . ' ' We were betrayed by the government , by ( President ) Kennedy , and if they turned the child back over , it will be a second betrayal , ' ' said Josefa Gonzalez , who left Cuba in 1962 when she was 4 . But we will follow in the path that the Lord has shown us , despite those who want to get in our way . ' ' 	answer: negative
event: gunning Dr. Barnett Slepian last fall in his home in Buffalo starts before a $ 100,000 award offered previously by the FBI story: WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- The FBI put alleged terrorist mastermind Osama Bin Laden and anti - abortion activist and accused doctor killer James Charles Kopp on the bureau 's list of the Ten Most Wanted fugitives Monday . The Aug. 7 , 1998 , bombings killed more than 200 people , including 12 Americans . A total of $ 650,000 , meanwhile , is being offered for information leading to the arrest of Kopp , who is charged with  gunning down Dr. Barnett Slepian last fall in his home in Buffalo , : Each wrongly believes he is justified in using all means possible to achieve his goal . State Department international security director Dave Carpenter said that placing Bin Laden on the most - wanted list ` ` underscores the unwavering commitment ' ' by the United States ` ` to fight terrorism . ' The two were removed from the list after Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi agreed in April to hand them over for trial in the Netherlands , a neutral venue . Lamen Khalifa Fhimah and Abdel Basset Ali al - Megrahi are charged with murder , conspiracy to commit murder and violations of international aviation safety laws . Another suspect is awaiting extradition from Britain . The FBI says Bin Laden is the leader of a terrorist organization known as Al - Aqeda , ` ` The Base . ' ' Kopp wears eyeglasses , walks with a slight limp , is 5 feet , 10 inches tall and weighs 150 to 175 pounds . Slepian was killed by a single gunshot fired from a wooded area through a window of his home . Prior to the Slepian 's shooting , Kopp had traveled the country and world , authorities said . 	answer: positive
event: gunning Dr. Barnett Slepian last fall in his home in Buffalo starts after a $ 100,000 award offered previously by the FBI story: WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- The FBI put alleged terrorist mastermind Osama Bin Laden and anti - abortion activist and accused doctor killer James Charles Kopp on the bureau 's list of the Ten Most Wanted fugitives Monday . The Aug. 7 , 1998 , bombings killed more than 200 people , including 12 Americans . A total of $ 650,000 , meanwhile , is being offered for information leading to the arrest of Kopp , who is charged with  gunning down Dr. Barnett Slepian last fall in his home in Buffalo , : Each wrongly believes he is justified in using all means possible to achieve his goal . State Department international security director Dave Carpenter said that placing Bin Laden on the most - wanted list ` ` underscores the unwavering commitment ' ' by the United States ` ` to fight terrorism . ' The two were removed from the list after Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi agreed in April to hand them over for trial in the Netherlands , a neutral venue . Lamen Khalifa Fhimah and Abdel Basset Ali al - Megrahi are charged with murder , conspiracy to commit murder and violations of international aviation safety laws . Another suspect is awaiting extradition from Britain . The FBI says Bin Laden is the leader of a terrorist organization known as Al - Aqeda , ` ` The Base . ' ' Kopp wears eyeglasses , walks with a slight limp , is 5 feet , 10 inches tall and weighs 150 to 175 pounds . Slepian was killed by a single gunshot fired from a wooded area through a window of his home . Prior to the Slepian 's shooting , Kopp had traveled the country and world , authorities said . 	answer: negative
event: civil suits previously filed by shareholders against Mr. Antar and others starts before Mr. Antar pump the company 's stock price through false financial statements in order to sell his stake and reap huge profits story: And defense lawyers are warning that they wo n't stick around if they do n't get paid . The warning by the U.S. attorney 's office follows two decisions by the U.S. Supreme Court last June . In those cases , the high court ruled that federal law gives prosecutors broad authority to seize assets of people accused of racketeering and drug - related crimes , including fees paid to lawyers before an indictment . Mr. Antar is being investigated by a federal grand jury in Newark , where prosecutors have told him that they may soon seek an indictment on racketeering and securities fraud charges . Therefore , they said , the money can be taken from the lawyers even after they are paid . " Mr. Alito said his office " just responded to an attorney 's question about whether we would go after attorney 's fees , and that is different from actually doing it , although we reserve that right . The SEC has alleged that Mr. Antar aimed to  pump up the company 's stock price through false financial statements in order to sell his stake and reap huge profits . Mr. Antar , the SEC said , made more than $ 60 million from the sale of his shares between 1985 and 1987 . The Justice Department has emphasized that the government 's fee - forfeiture power is to be used sparingly . According to department policy , prosecutors must make a strong showing that lawyers ' fees came from assets tainted by illegal profits before any attempts at seizure are made . 	answer: positive
event: civil suits previously filed by shareholders against Mr. Antar and others starts after Mr. Antar pump the company 's stock price through false financial statements in order to sell his stake and reap huge profits story: And defense lawyers are warning that they wo n't stick around if they do n't get paid . The warning by the U.S. attorney 's office follows two decisions by the U.S. Supreme Court last June . In those cases , the high court ruled that federal law gives prosecutors broad authority to seize assets of people accused of racketeering and drug - related crimes , including fees paid to lawyers before an indictment . Mr. Antar is being investigated by a federal grand jury in Newark , where prosecutors have told him that they may soon seek an indictment on racketeering and securities fraud charges . Therefore , they said , the money can be taken from the lawyers even after they are paid . " Mr. Alito said his office " just responded to an attorney 's question about whether we would go after attorney 's fees , and that is different from actually doing it , although we reserve that right . The SEC has alleged that Mr. Antar aimed to  pump up the company 's stock price through false financial statements in order to sell his stake and reap huge profits . Mr. Antar , the SEC said , made more than $ 60 million from the sale of his shares between 1985 and 1987 . The Justice Department has emphasized that the government 's fee - forfeiture power is to be used sparingly . According to department policy , prosecutors must make a strong showing that lawyers ' fees came from assets tainted by illegal profits before any attempts at seizure are made . 	answer: negative
event: Sales increased in the quarter ended Sept. 30 to $ 747.8 million from $ 623.5 million a year ago starts before the quarter ended Sept. 30 story: Separately , two more of the nation 's top steelmakers -- Armco Inc. and National Intergroup Inc. -- reported lower operating earnings in their steel businesses , marking what is generally believed to be the end of a two - year boom in the industry . Wall Street analysts expect the disappointing trend to continue into the fourth quarter and through at least the first two quarters of 1990 , when the industry will increasingly see the effect of price erosion in major product lines , such as rolled sheet used for cars , appliances and construction . " It does n't bode well for coming quarters , " said John Jacobson , who follows the steel industry for AUS Consultants . Third - quarter sales dropped 11 % to $ 1.27 billion from $ 1.43 billion a year ago . Of all the major steelmakers , Bethlehem would seem to be the most vulnerable to a slowdown . Steel business , said third - quarter net income dropped 8 % to $ 33 million , or 35 cents a share , from $ 36 million , or 39 cents a share in the year - ago quarter . Kawasaki Steel Corp. Along with reduced volume , analysts said the nation 's fifth largest steelmaker was hurt by holding higher - cost inventory when raw material costs of such key products as nickel dropped . Operating profit dropped 46 % in its specialty flat - rolled steel segment . Armco shares closed unchanged at $ 10.625 in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange . The latest period includes gains of $ 9.1 million from early retirement of debt and tax loss carry - forward . 	answer: positive
event: Sales increased in the quarter ended Sept. 30 to $ 747.8 million from $ 623.5 million a year ago starts after the quarter ended Sept. 30 story: Separately , two more of the nation 's top steelmakers -- Armco Inc. and National Intergroup Inc. -- reported lower operating earnings in their steel businesses , marking what is generally believed to be the end of a two - year boom in the industry . Wall Street analysts expect the disappointing trend to continue into the fourth quarter and through at least the first two quarters of 1990 , when the industry will increasingly see the effect of price erosion in major product lines , such as rolled sheet used for cars , appliances and construction . " It does n't bode well for coming quarters , " said John Jacobson , who follows the steel industry for AUS Consultants . Third - quarter sales dropped 11 % to $ 1.27 billion from $ 1.43 billion a year ago . Of all the major steelmakers , Bethlehem would seem to be the most vulnerable to a slowdown . Steel business , said third - quarter net income dropped 8 % to $ 33 million , or 35 cents a share , from $ 36 million , or 39 cents a share in the year - ago quarter . Kawasaki Steel Corp. Along with reduced volume , analysts said the nation 's fifth largest steelmaker was hurt by holding higher - cost inventory when raw material costs of such key products as nickel dropped . Operating profit dropped 46 % in its specialty flat - rolled steel segment . Armco shares closed unchanged at $ 10.625 in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange . The latest period includes gains of $ 9.1 million from early retirement of debt and tax loss carry - forward . 	answer: negative
event: police found the man 's dismembered and decapitated body Friday wrapped in plastic garbage bags starts before Police confirmed Friday that the body found along a highway in this municipality 15 miles south of San Juan belonged to Jorge Hernandez , 49 story: CAGUAS , Puerto Rico ( AP ) _ Kidnappers kept their promise to kill a store owner they took hostage and police  found the man 's dismembered and decapitated body Friday wrapped in plastic garbage bags . Police  confirmed Friday that the body found along a highway in this municipality 15 miles south of San Juan belonged to Jorge Hernandez , 49 . Hernandez was kidnapped from his small , neighborhood store in the town of Trujillo Alto at 10 p.m. Wednesday , police said . His kidnappers demanded a ransom of dlrs 1 million , but negotiations broke off at noon Thursday . Police gave no details about the negotiations with the kidnappers for the return of Hernandez . The store owner 's body was found with the arms and head cut off and the parts stuffed in separate garbage bags . A passerby called police to report the body alongside the road . Puerto Rico Police Superintendent Pedro Toledo urged people who might be targeted by kidnappers to be alert . ` ` There has been an increase in Puerto Rico in this kind of thing and some of these bands of kidnappers are made up of foreigners , ' ' Toledo said . While some Latin American countries such as Mexico and Colombia have suffered from a rash of kidnappings in recent years , the crime has not been common in this U.S. commonwealth . 	answer: positive
event: police found the man 's dismembered and decapitated body Friday wrapped in plastic garbage bags starts after Police confirmed Friday that the body found along a highway in this municipality 15 miles south of San Juan belonged to Jorge Hernandez , 49 story: CAGUAS , Puerto Rico ( AP ) _ Kidnappers kept their promise to kill a store owner they took hostage and police  found the man 's dismembered and decapitated body Friday wrapped in plastic garbage bags . Police  confirmed Friday that the body found along a highway in this municipality 15 miles south of San Juan belonged to Jorge Hernandez , 49 . Hernandez was kidnapped from his small , neighborhood store in the town of Trujillo Alto at 10 p.m. Wednesday , police said . His kidnappers demanded a ransom of dlrs 1 million , but negotiations broke off at noon Thursday . Police gave no details about the negotiations with the kidnappers for the return of Hernandez . The store owner 's body was found with the arms and head cut off and the parts stuffed in separate garbage bags . A passerby called police to report the body alongside the road . Puerto Rico Police Superintendent Pedro Toledo urged people who might be targeted by kidnappers to be alert . ` ` There has been an increase in Puerto Rico in this kind of thing and some of these bands of kidnappers are made up of foreigners , ' ' Toledo said . While some Latin American countries such as Mexico and Colombia have suffered from a rash of kidnappings in recent years , the crime has not been common in this U.S. commonwealth . 	answer: negative
event: Philip Morris Cos . , New York , adopted a defense measure designed to make a hostile takeover prohibitively expensive starts after a defense measure designed to make a hostile takeover prohibitively expensive story: Philip Morris Cos . , New York ,  adopted a defense measure  designed to make a hostile takeover prohibitively expensive . The giant foods , tobacco and brewing company said it will issue common - share purchase rights to shareholders of record Nov. 8 . Under certain circumstances , the rights would entitle Philip Morris holders to buy shares of either the company or its acquirer for half price . The board is n't aware of any attempts to take over Philip Morris , the company said . As of Sept. 30 , Philip Morris had 926 million shares outstanding . In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Philip Morris shares closed yesterday at $ 43.50 each , down $ 1 . 	answer: positive
event: Philip Morris Cos . , New York , adopted a defense measure designed to make a hostile takeover prohibitively expensive starts before a defense measure designed to make a hostile takeover prohibitively expensive story: Philip Morris Cos . , New York ,  adopted a defense measure  designed to make a hostile takeover prohibitively expensive . The giant foods , tobacco and brewing company said it will issue common - share purchase rights to shareholders of record Nov. 8 . Under certain circumstances , the rights would entitle Philip Morris holders to buy shares of either the company or its acquirer for half price . The board is n't aware of any attempts to take over Philip Morris , the company said . As of Sept. 30 , Philip Morris had 926 million shares outstanding . In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Philip Morris shares closed yesterday at $ 43.50 each , down $ 1 . 	answer: negative
event: fat interest payments barely managed to offset declining prices starts after Through Oct. 19 high - yield funds had an average 0.85 % total return ( the price change plus dividends on fund shares ) according to story: Last week alone , an eye - popping $ 1.6 billion flowed out of the junk funds , or nearly 5 % of their total assets , according to estimates by Dalbar Financial Services Inc. , a Boston research firm . People have been seeing headline after headline after headline and saying : ` I ca n't take it anymore -- I 'm getting out , ' " says Kurt Brouwer of Brouwer amp Janachowski , a San Francisco investment adviser . The withdrawals could spell trouble for the $ 200 billion junk market . Mutual fund groups have n't lost control of much of the outgoing money , says Louis Harvey , Dalbar 's president . Mutual funds are the among the largest holders of junk , accounting for more than a quarter of the entire high - yield , high - risk market . The 88 mutual funds investing solely in junk bonds hold assets of about $ 32 billion . " The fund , with a cash cushion of more than 10 % , has " met all the redemptions without having to sell one thing , " Mr. Litvack says . The fund now holds a cash position of about 15 % . Junk - fund holders have barely broken even this year , as fat interest payments barely  managed to offset declining prices . Fidelity 's junk fund has fallen 2.08 % this year through Oct. 19 , Lipper says ; the Vanguard fund rose 1.84 % ; and the T. Rowe Price fund edged up 0.66 % . Funds might be forced to accept lower prices if they expand their selling to the securities of less - creditworthy borrowers . " 	answer: positive
event: fat interest payments barely managed to offset declining prices starts before Through Oct. 19 high - yield funds had an average 0.85 % total return ( the price change plus dividends on fund shares ) according to story: Last week alone , an eye - popping $ 1.6 billion flowed out of the junk funds , or nearly 5 % of their total assets , according to estimates by Dalbar Financial Services Inc. , a Boston research firm . People have been seeing headline after headline after headline and saying : ` I ca n't take it anymore -- I 'm getting out , ' " says Kurt Brouwer of Brouwer amp Janachowski , a San Francisco investment adviser . The withdrawals could spell trouble for the $ 200 billion junk market . Mutual fund groups have n't lost control of much of the outgoing money , says Louis Harvey , Dalbar 's president . Mutual funds are the among the largest holders of junk , accounting for more than a quarter of the entire high - yield , high - risk market . The 88 mutual funds investing solely in junk bonds hold assets of about $ 32 billion . " The fund , with a cash cushion of more than 10 % , has " met all the redemptions without having to sell one thing , " Mr. Litvack says . The fund now holds a cash position of about 15 % . Junk - fund holders have barely broken even this year , as fat interest payments barely  managed to offset declining prices . Fidelity 's junk fund has fallen 2.08 % this year through Oct. 19 , Lipper says ; the Vanguard fund rose 1.84 % ; and the T. Rowe Price fund edged up 0.66 % . Funds might be forced to accept lower prices if they expand their selling to the securities of less - creditworthy borrowers . " 	answer: negative
event: The FBI says Kopp has used 29 aliases starts after Kopp used 29 aliases story: HAMILTON ( AP ) -- Canadian authorities issued a nationwide arrest warrant Monday for James Charles Kopp , a U.S. fugitive on the FBI 's most wanted list for an alleged anti - abortion murder . Kopp also is wanted for questioning in at least two other shootings of doctors who performed abortions . The Canadian warrant issued Monday charged Kopp with attempted murder in the 1995 shooting of Dr. Hugh Short , who was wounded in the elbow but survived the attack at his home in Ancaster , Ontario . Kopp , who is from Vermont , was indicted last year in the October 1998 shooting death of Dr. Barnet Slepian , an obstetrician in Buffalo , New York . He also is wanted in connection with the shooting of doctors in Winnipeg , Vancouver and Rochester , New York . Slepian was killed by a single gunshot fired from a wooded area through a window of his home . Kopp purports to be a devout Roman Catholic , and the majority of jobs he has held over the past 20 years have been related to the anti - abortion movement , the U.S. Justice Department said last year . He has been arrested more than a dozen times during abortion protests in seven states and Italy . The FBI  says Kopp has  used 29 aliases . Since then , 427 fugitives have been taken into custody or located , 133 of them as a result of citizen assistance , the FBI said . A total of $ 650,000 is being offered in the United States for information leading to Kopp 's arrest . 	answer: positive
event: The FBI says Kopp has used 29 aliases starts before Kopp used 29 aliases story: HAMILTON ( AP ) -- Canadian authorities issued a nationwide arrest warrant Monday for James Charles Kopp , a U.S. fugitive on the FBI 's most wanted list for an alleged anti - abortion murder . Kopp also is wanted for questioning in at least two other shootings of doctors who performed abortions . The Canadian warrant issued Monday charged Kopp with attempted murder in the 1995 shooting of Dr. Hugh Short , who was wounded in the elbow but survived the attack at his home in Ancaster , Ontario . Kopp , who is from Vermont , was indicted last year in the October 1998 shooting death of Dr. Barnet Slepian , an obstetrician in Buffalo , New York . He also is wanted in connection with the shooting of doctors in Winnipeg , Vancouver and Rochester , New York . Slepian was killed by a single gunshot fired from a wooded area through a window of his home . Kopp purports to be a devout Roman Catholic , and the majority of jobs he has held over the past 20 years have been related to the anti - abortion movement , the U.S. Justice Department said last year . He has been arrested more than a dozen times during abortion protests in seven states and Italy . The FBI  says Kopp has  used 29 aliases . Since then , 427 fugitives have been taken into custody or located , 133 of them as a result of citizen assistance , the FBI said . A total of $ 650,000 is being offered in the United States for information leading to Kopp 's arrest . 	answer: negative
event: a massive blast damaged the U.S. embassy in Nairobi killing 40 people while wounding at least 1,000 people starts before Kenyan Trade Minister Joseph Kamotho and American ambassador to Kenya Prudence Bushnell injured in the blast story: JOHANNESBURG , August 7 ( Xinhua ) -- South Africa deplored Friday the bomb blasts which killed scores of people and injured more than 1,000 others outside embassies of the United States in Kenya and Tanzania earlier in the day . A statement by the Foreign Affairs Department described the attacks as senseless . " The South African government deplores these senseless acts against the American embassies in Nairobi and Dar es Salaam and would like to express its condolences to the victims of the explosions , " the statement said . Reports reaching here said a massive blast  damaged the U.S. embassy in Nairobi , killing 40 people while wounding at least 1,000 people . Kenyan Trade Minister Joseph Kamotho and American ambassador to Kenya Prudence Bushnell were  injured in the blast . Also on Friday morning , at least four people were killed in an explosion that took place near the American embassy in Dar es Salaam , the capital of Tanzania . It was not immediately known who were responsible for the explosions . As far as could be established , no South Africans had been affected by the blasts , the South African Foreign Affairs Department said . 	answer: positive
event: a massive blast damaged the U.S. embassy in Nairobi killing 40 people while wounding at least 1,000 people starts after Kenyan Trade Minister Joseph Kamotho and American ambassador to Kenya Prudence Bushnell injured in the blast story: JOHANNESBURG , August 7 ( Xinhua ) -- South Africa deplored Friday the bomb blasts which killed scores of people and injured more than 1,000 others outside embassies of the United States in Kenya and Tanzania earlier in the day . A statement by the Foreign Affairs Department described the attacks as senseless . " The South African government deplores these senseless acts against the American embassies in Nairobi and Dar es Salaam and would like to express its condolences to the victims of the explosions , " the statement said . Reports reaching here said a massive blast  damaged the U.S. embassy in Nairobi , killing 40 people while wounding at least 1,000 people . Kenyan Trade Minister Joseph Kamotho and American ambassador to Kenya Prudence Bushnell were  injured in the blast . Also on Friday morning , at least four people were killed in an explosion that took place near the American embassy in Dar es Salaam , the capital of Tanzania . It was not immediately known who were responsible for the explosions . As far as could be established , no South Africans had been affected by the blasts , the South African Foreign Affairs Department said . 	answer: negative
event: he wanted for attempted murder starts after October 1998 shooting story: HAMILTON ( AP ) -- Canadian authorities issued a nationwide arrest warrant Monday for James Charles Kopp , a U.S. fugitive on the FBI 's most wanted list for an alleged anti - abortion murder . Kopp also is wanted for questioning in at least two other shootings of doctors who performed abortions . The Canadian warrant issued Monday charged Kopp with attempted murder in the 1995 shooting of Dr. Hugh Short , who was wounded in the elbow but survived the attack at his home in Ancaster , Ontario . ` ` It allows us to spread his name far and wide across Canada and say that he is  wanted for attempted murder , ' ' said police Inspector Dave Bowen . He also is wanted in connection with the shooting of doctors in Winnipeg , Vancouver and Rochester , New York . Slepian was killed by a single gunshot fired from a wooded area through a window of his home . Kopp purports to be a devout Roman Catholic , and the majority of jobs he has held over the past 20 years have been related to the anti - abortion movement , the U.S. Justice Department said last year . He has been arrested more than a dozen times during abortion protests in seven states and Italy . The FBI says Kopp has used 29 aliases . He was the 456th person to be placed on the FBI 's most wanted list , which began in 1950 . Since then , 427 fugitives have been taken into custody or located , 133 of them as a result of citizen assistance , the FBI said . A total of $ 650,000 is being offered in the United States for information leading to Kopp 's arrest . 	answer: positive
event: he wanted for attempted murder starts before October 1998 shooting story: HAMILTON ( AP ) -- Canadian authorities issued a nationwide arrest warrant Monday for James Charles Kopp , a U.S. fugitive on the FBI 's most wanted list for an alleged anti - abortion murder . Kopp also is wanted for questioning in at least two other shootings of doctors who performed abortions . The Canadian warrant issued Monday charged Kopp with attempted murder in the 1995 shooting of Dr. Hugh Short , who was wounded in the elbow but survived the attack at his home in Ancaster , Ontario . ` ` It allows us to spread his name far and wide across Canada and say that he is  wanted for attempted murder , ' ' said police Inspector Dave Bowen . He also is wanted in connection with the shooting of doctors in Winnipeg , Vancouver and Rochester , New York . Slepian was killed by a single gunshot fired from a wooded area through a window of his home . Kopp purports to be a devout Roman Catholic , and the majority of jobs he has held over the past 20 years have been related to the anti - abortion movement , the U.S. Justice Department said last year . He has been arrested more than a dozen times during abortion protests in seven states and Italy . The FBI says Kopp has used 29 aliases . He was the 456th person to be placed on the FBI 's most wanted list , which began in 1950 . Since then , 427 fugitives have been taken into custody or located , 133 of them as a result of citizen assistance , the FBI said . A total of $ 650,000 is being offered in the United States for information leading to Kopp 's arrest . 	answer: negative
event: Kopp purports to be a devout Roman Catholic starts before placing Bin Laden on the most - wanted list underscores the unwavering commitment ' ' by the United States ` ` to fight terrorism story: FBI Director Louis Freeh said the U.S. government is offering a reward of up to $ 5 million for information that leads to the arrest and conviction of Bin Laden , indicted as the architect of the twin bombings of American embassies in Kenya and Tanzania . N.Y. Slepian provided legal abortions in western New York state . The standard $ 50,000 reward for information leading to a listed fugitive 's capture comes on top of a $ 500,000 reward announced earlier by Attorney General Janet Reno , plus a $ 100,000 award offered previously by the FBI . Reno said Bin Laden and Kopp have one thing in common Kopp  purports to be a devout Roman Catholic , and the majority of jobs he has held over the past 20 years have been related to the anti - abortion movement , the Justice Department said in a news release . State Department international security director Dave Carpenter said that placing Bin Laden on the most - wanted list ` `  underscores the unwavering commitment ' ' by the United States ` ` to fight terrorism . ' The FBI continues to receive threats from individuals and organizations with ties to Bin Laden , Freeh said . The two were removed from the list after Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi agreed in April to hand them over for trial in the Netherlands , a neutral venue . Another eight suspects , including Bin Laden , have been charged but not apprehended . Prior to the Slepian 's shooting , Kopp had traveled the country and world , authorities said . He has used 29 aliases , Freeh said . 	answer: positive
event: Kopp purports to be a devout Roman Catholic starts after placing Bin Laden on the most - wanted list underscores the unwavering commitment ' ' by the United States ` ` to fight terrorism story: FBI Director Louis Freeh said the U.S. government is offering a reward of up to $ 5 million for information that leads to the arrest and conviction of Bin Laden , indicted as the architect of the twin bombings of American embassies in Kenya and Tanzania . N.Y. Slepian provided legal abortions in western New York state . The standard $ 50,000 reward for information leading to a listed fugitive 's capture comes on top of a $ 500,000 reward announced earlier by Attorney General Janet Reno , plus a $ 100,000 award offered previously by the FBI . Reno said Bin Laden and Kopp have one thing in common Kopp  purports to be a devout Roman Catholic , and the majority of jobs he has held over the past 20 years have been related to the anti - abortion movement , the Justice Department said in a news release . State Department international security director Dave Carpenter said that placing Bin Laden on the most - wanted list ` `  underscores the unwavering commitment ' ' by the United States ` ` to fight terrorism . ' The FBI continues to receive threats from individuals and organizations with ties to Bin Laden , Freeh said . The two were removed from the list after Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi agreed in April to hand them over for trial in the Netherlands , a neutral venue . Another eight suspects , including Bin Laden , have been charged but not apprehended . Prior to the Slepian 's shooting , Kopp had traveled the country and world , authorities said . He has used 29 aliases , Freeh said . 	answer: negative
event: would prove positive starts after All in all the Internet has a lot to offer story: MALAYSIA 's aggressive move into the information age could not come in a more opportune time . The Internet , the global network of computers , is now far reaching into the country - extending its embrace to include every nook and cranny of the nation - opening doors to not only a diverse range of information sources but also an exhaustive list of possibilities to create new applications which add value to people 's lives . In the business world , the Internet - through intranet and extranet solutions - has become an invaluable tool for companies to harness so as to gain a competitive edge . The solutions are also vital components in developing the borderless marketing flagship application which is a vital element for spearheading the development of the Multimedia Super Corridor ( MSC ) project . The application will create the necessary framework and infrastructure to support electronic commerce ( e - commerce ) initiatives in the country . However , it is important to note that installing or implementing Internet technologies for technology 's sake would not ensure instant success . Intranets , through the use of Internet technology , are positioned as a platform for companies to optimise , expand and transform new channels of business . With intranets in place , it is only logical for organisations to respectively link the network to other companies ' for extended business purposes through extranets . Whether this would  prove positive or otherwise towards society in the future is yet to be seen . All in all , the Internet  has a lot to offer . However , its value and benefits are only as good as how we use it . 	answer: positive
event: would prove positive starts before All in all the Internet has a lot to offer story: MALAYSIA 's aggressive move into the information age could not come in a more opportune time . The Internet , the global network of computers , is now far reaching into the country - extending its embrace to include every nook and cranny of the nation - opening doors to not only a diverse range of information sources but also an exhaustive list of possibilities to create new applications which add value to people 's lives . In the business world , the Internet - through intranet and extranet solutions - has become an invaluable tool for companies to harness so as to gain a competitive edge . The solutions are also vital components in developing the borderless marketing flagship application which is a vital element for spearheading the development of the Multimedia Super Corridor ( MSC ) project . The application will create the necessary framework and infrastructure to support electronic commerce ( e - commerce ) initiatives in the country . However , it is important to note that installing or implementing Internet technologies for technology 's sake would not ensure instant success . Intranets , through the use of Internet technology , are positioned as a platform for companies to optimise , expand and transform new channels of business . With intranets in place , it is only logical for organisations to respectively link the network to other companies ' for extended business purposes through extranets . Whether this would  prove positive or otherwise towards society in the future is yet to be seen . All in all , the Internet  has a lot to offer . However , its value and benefits are only as good as how we use it . 	answer: negative
event: Saddam appeared to accept a border demarcation treaty he had rejected in peace talks following the August 1988 cease - fire of the eight - year war with Iran starts after a border demarcation treaty he rejected in peace talks following the August 1988 cease - fire of the eight - year war with Iran story: In a letter to President Hashemi Rafsanjani of Iran , read by a broadcaster over Baghdad radio , Saddam said he will begin withdrawing troops from Iranian territory on Friday and release Iranian prisoners of war . Saddam  appeared to accept a border demarcation treaty he had  rejected in peace talks following the August 1988 cease - fire of the eight - year war with Iran . Iraq has agreed to allow all 880 Soviets in Kuwait to leave , but only by a 1,200-mile road route through Iraq and to the Iraq - Jordan border . There have been reports of wholesale looting but food and gasoline were still available , said a spokesman , who by custom was not identified . Banks remained closed . Twelve Arab League nations voted for an Arab force to protect Saudi Arabia , with the vanguard of Syria 's contingent arriving Tuesday , according to diplomatic sources in Riyadh , the Saudi capital . Egyptian and Moroccan troops are already there . The monarch will meet Bush on Thursday in Kennebunkport , Maine . In an interview from Jordan on ABC , he declined to discuss details , but said : ` ` I do n't think that his majesty would be traveling at this crucial moment if the Iraqi leadership did not have a rational approach to the future . ' The United States has provided most of the naval vessels so far to block Iraqi trade , with Britain , West Germany and Australia among the other nations lending support at sea . The embargo is meant to cripple Iraq by cutting off its exports of oil and imports of food and military supplies . 	answer: positive
event: Saddam appeared to accept a border demarcation treaty he had rejected in peace talks following the August 1988 cease - fire of the eight - year war with Iran starts before a border demarcation treaty he rejected in peace talks following the August 1988 cease - fire of the eight - year war with Iran story: In a letter to President Hashemi Rafsanjani of Iran , read by a broadcaster over Baghdad radio , Saddam said he will begin withdrawing troops from Iranian territory on Friday and release Iranian prisoners of war . Saddam  appeared to accept a border demarcation treaty he had  rejected in peace talks following the August 1988 cease - fire of the eight - year war with Iran . Iraq has agreed to allow all 880 Soviets in Kuwait to leave , but only by a 1,200-mile road route through Iraq and to the Iraq - Jordan border . There have been reports of wholesale looting but food and gasoline were still available , said a spokesman , who by custom was not identified . Banks remained closed . Twelve Arab League nations voted for an Arab force to protect Saudi Arabia , with the vanguard of Syria 's contingent arriving Tuesday , according to diplomatic sources in Riyadh , the Saudi capital . Egyptian and Moroccan troops are already there . The monarch will meet Bush on Thursday in Kennebunkport , Maine . In an interview from Jordan on ABC , he declined to discuss details , but said : ` ` I do n't think that his majesty would be traveling at this crucial moment if the Iraqi leadership did not have a rational approach to the future . ' The United States has provided most of the naval vessels so far to block Iraqi trade , with Britain , West Germany and Australia among the other nations lending support at sea . The embargo is meant to cripple Iraq by cutting off its exports of oil and imports of food and military supplies . 	answer: negative
event: it hired an investment banking firm to assist in evaluating restructuring or merger alternatives starts before These results compare with net income of $ 1.8 million , or 44 cents a share , for the corresponding period last year story: Price Stern Sloan Inc. said it  hired an investment banking firm to assist in evaluating restructuring or merger alternatives and reported a net loss of $ 8.1 million , or $ 2.14 a share , for the third quarter ended Sept. 30 . These results  compare with net income of $ 1.8 million , or 44 cents a share , for the corresponding period last year . This quarter 's loss includes pretax charges of $ 4.9 million on the proposed discontinuation of the company 's troubled British subsidiary , and $ 3.7 million of other write - offs the company said were non - recurring and principally related to inventory , publishing advances and pre - publication costs . The publishing concern said it retained the investment banking firm of Donaldson , Lufkin amp Jenrette Securities Inc. to act as its financial adviser , assisting in the evaluation of various financial and strategic alternatives , including debt refinancing , raising capital , recapitalization , a merger or sale of the company . The company also retained attorney Martin P. Levin , a director of the company and former head of the Times - Mirror Publishing Group , as an adviser . Net sales for this year 's third quarter were $ 14 million , down from $ 21.4 million last year . The company attributed the decrease in part to the exclusion of the company 's British sales from the current year 's figures as a result of the subsidiary 's status as a proposed discontinued operation and , in part , to lower sales in certain key foreign and domestic accounts . U.K. sales for last year 's quarter were about $ 3 million . 	answer: positive
event: it hired an investment banking firm to assist in evaluating restructuring or merger alternatives starts after These results compare with net income of $ 1.8 million , or 44 cents a share , for the corresponding period last year story: Price Stern Sloan Inc. said it  hired an investment banking firm to assist in evaluating restructuring or merger alternatives and reported a net loss of $ 8.1 million , or $ 2.14 a share , for the third quarter ended Sept. 30 . These results  compare with net income of $ 1.8 million , or 44 cents a share , for the corresponding period last year . This quarter 's loss includes pretax charges of $ 4.9 million on the proposed discontinuation of the company 's troubled British subsidiary , and $ 3.7 million of other write - offs the company said were non - recurring and principally related to inventory , publishing advances and pre - publication costs . The publishing concern said it retained the investment banking firm of Donaldson , Lufkin amp Jenrette Securities Inc. to act as its financial adviser , assisting in the evaluation of various financial and strategic alternatives , including debt refinancing , raising capital , recapitalization , a merger or sale of the company . The company also retained attorney Martin P. Levin , a director of the company and former head of the Times - Mirror Publishing Group , as an adviser . Net sales for this year 's third quarter were $ 14 million , down from $ 21.4 million last year . The company attributed the decrease in part to the exclusion of the company 's British sales from the current year 's figures as a result of the subsidiary 's status as a proposed discontinued operation and , in part , to lower sales in certain key foreign and domestic accounts . U.K. sales for last year 's quarter were about $ 3 million . 	answer: negative
event: then we saw two fireballs go down to the , to the water starts before At one point when it became clear controllers could not contact the plane someone said a prayer story: In Washington today , the Federal Aviation Administration released air traffic control tapes from the night the TWA Flight eight hundred went down . There 's nothing new on why the plane exploded , but you can not miss the moment . ABC 's Lisa Stark has more . There was no hint of trouble in the last conversation between controllers and TWA pilot Steven Snyder TWA eight hundred climb maintain one five thousand . TWA 's eight hundred heavy climb and maintain one five thousand leavin- three thousand . But a minute and a half later , a pilot from a nearby flight calls in . Ah , we just saw an explosion up ahead of us here about sixteen thousand feet or something like that . It just went down . The controller at Boston center tries to raise TWA eight hundred . TWA eight hundred , if you hear center , ident . There is no response . Later , the controller asks the Eastwind pilot for more details . Ah yes , sir . It- It just blew up in the air , and then we  saw two fireballs go down to the , to the water , and there was a big small , ah , smoke , from ah , coming up from that . At one point , when it became clear controllers could not contact the plane , someone  said a prayer . TWA eight hundred center , I think that was him . I think so . God bless him . Lisa Stark ABC news Washington 	answer: positive
event: then we saw two fireballs go down to the , to the water starts after At one point when it became clear controllers could not contact the plane someone said a prayer story: In Washington today , the Federal Aviation Administration released air traffic control tapes from the night the TWA Flight eight hundred went down . There 's nothing new on why the plane exploded , but you can not miss the moment . ABC 's Lisa Stark has more . There was no hint of trouble in the last conversation between controllers and TWA pilot Steven Snyder TWA eight hundred climb maintain one five thousand . TWA 's eight hundred heavy climb and maintain one five thousand leavin- three thousand . But a minute and a half later , a pilot from a nearby flight calls in . Ah , we just saw an explosion up ahead of us here about sixteen thousand feet or something like that . It just went down . The controller at Boston center tries to raise TWA eight hundred . TWA eight hundred , if you hear center , ident . There is no response . Later , the controller asks the Eastwind pilot for more details . Ah yes , sir . It- It just blew up in the air , and then we  saw two fireballs go down to the , to the water , and there was a big small , ah , smoke , from ah , coming up from that . At one point , when it became clear controllers could not contact the plane , someone  said a prayer . TWA eight hundred center , I think that was him . I think so . God bless him . Lisa Stark ABC news Washington 	answer: negative
event: you pushed them into a dark tunnel starts before He called U.S. soldiers massing in Saudi Arabia the real occupiers in the Persian Gulf story: After a two - hour meeting at his Kennebunkport home with King Hussein of Jordan , Bush said , ` ` I did not come away with any feeling of hope ' ' that Iraq would withdraw its army from Kuwait . Iraq has called them ` ` restrictees . ' ' Saddam said . Replied State Department deputy spokesman Richard Boucher , ` ` We have n't really analyzed the statement in detail Bush was expected to authorize naval commanders to use ` ` the minimum force necessary ' ' to interdict shipments to and from Iraq , a U.S. official said . He declined to say if the weapons included missiles , but the Iraqis have them in their arsenal . Iraq now controls 20 percent of the world 's oil reserves with its conquest of Kuwait . The economic chokehold appears to be working . The Lloyd 's List International newspaper , which monitors worldwide shipping , said Iraq 's fleet of 80 tankers and cargo ships has stopped regular trading . Aqaba is Iraq 's only outlet now that an international noose has tightened . Hussein said . He also said of trade with Iraq : ` ` There are no shipments at the moment . ' ' ` ` I am not talking on behalf of anyone in the area ... but myself , ' ' Hussein said . Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi , in a letter to the U.N. Secretary - General , also called for an emergency Security Council meeting in Geneva to remove U.S. forces . There was no independent confirmation of the report by the government - run news agency , which did not say when the reported attempt occurred . 	answer: positive
event: you pushed them into a dark tunnel starts after He called U.S. soldiers massing in Saudi Arabia the real occupiers in the Persian Gulf story: After a two - hour meeting at his Kennebunkport home with King Hussein of Jordan , Bush said , ` ` I did not come away with any feeling of hope ' ' that Iraq would withdraw its army from Kuwait . Iraq has called them ` ` restrictees . ' ' Saddam said . Replied State Department deputy spokesman Richard Boucher , ` ` We have n't really analyzed the statement in detail Bush was expected to authorize naval commanders to use ` ` the minimum force necessary ' ' to interdict shipments to and from Iraq , a U.S. official said . He declined to say if the weapons included missiles , but the Iraqis have them in their arsenal . Iraq now controls 20 percent of the world 's oil reserves with its conquest of Kuwait . The economic chokehold appears to be working . The Lloyd 's List International newspaper , which monitors worldwide shipping , said Iraq 's fleet of 80 tankers and cargo ships has stopped regular trading . Aqaba is Iraq 's only outlet now that an international noose has tightened . Hussein said . He also said of trade with Iraq : ` ` There are no shipments at the moment . ' ' ` ` I am not talking on behalf of anyone in the area ... but myself , ' ' Hussein said . Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi , in a letter to the U.N. Secretary - General , also called for an emergency Security Council meeting in Geneva to remove U.S. forces . There was no independent confirmation of the report by the government - run news agency , which did not say when the reported attempt occurred . 	answer: negative
event: A spokeswoman for Crum amp Forster said employees were told early this week that numerous staff functions for the personal insurance lines were going to be centralized as a cost - cutting move starts before She said the move would result in a after - tax charge of less than $ 4 million to be spread over the next three quarters story: Xerox Corp. has told employees in its Crum amp Forster personal insurance operations that it is laying off about 300 people , or 25 % of the staff . A spokeswoman for Crum amp Forster  said employees were told early this week that numerous staff functions for the personal insurance lines were going to be centralized as a cost - cutting move . She  said the move would result in a after - tax charge of less than $ 4 million to be spread over the next three quarters . By comparison , for the first nine months , Xerox earned $ 492 million , or $ 4.55 a share , on revenue of $ 12.97 billion . Earnings at Xerox 's financial - services operations actually rose slightly , but that was largely because capital gains at Crum amp Forster offset Hurricane Hugo payments and the reserves set up to cover future payments . Property / casualty insurance has been a tough business in recent quarters , as pricing has been cutthroat and natural disasters such as Hurricane Hugo and the California earthquake have resulted in huge payments . 	answer: positive
event: A spokeswoman for Crum amp Forster said employees were told early this week that numerous staff functions for the personal insurance lines were going to be centralized as a cost - cutting move starts after She said the move would result in a after - tax charge of less than $ 4 million to be spread over the next three quarters story: Xerox Corp. has told employees in its Crum amp Forster personal insurance operations that it is laying off about 300 people , or 25 % of the staff . A spokeswoman for Crum amp Forster  said employees were told early this week that numerous staff functions for the personal insurance lines were going to be centralized as a cost - cutting move . She  said the move would result in a after - tax charge of less than $ 4 million to be spread over the next three quarters . By comparison , for the first nine months , Xerox earned $ 492 million , or $ 4.55 a share , on revenue of $ 12.97 billion . Earnings at Xerox 's financial - services operations actually rose slightly , but that was largely because capital gains at Crum amp Forster offset Hurricane Hugo payments and the reserves set up to cover future payments . Property / casualty insurance has been a tough business in recent quarters , as pricing has been cutthroat and natural disasters such as Hurricane Hugo and the California earthquake have resulted in huge payments . 	answer: negative
event: causes the Nasdaq Composite Index to lose ground against other segments of the stock market starts before the Nasdaq Composite Index lose ground against other segments of the stock market story:  causes the Nasdaq Composite Index to  lose ground against other segments of the stock market . Moreover , the price volatility that is amplified by program trading is undercutting efforts to woo individual investors back to an OTC market that sorely misses them . We were n't as concerned until they became sell programs , " says Mr. DaPuzzo , who now thinks it adds unnecessary volatility . And to protect their reduced capital investment from eroding further , market makers became quicker to lower price quotes when sell programs are in progress . The problem , market makers say , is that while the industrial average and the SampP 500 usually recover as buy programs kick in , the Nasdaq Composite frequently is left behind . LIN Broadcasting surged 4 5/8 to 112 5/8 ; LIN and BellSouth sweetened their merger agreement in an attempt to keep shareholders from tendering their shares to McCaw Cellular Communications . Weisfield 's rocketed 9 1/2 to 39 after the jewelry store operator said it is in preliminary discussions , with a party it would n't identify , regarding the possible acquisition of the company . Starpointe Savings Bank rose 3 to 20 after the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. approved Dime Savings Bank of New York 's $ 21-a - share acquisition of Starpointe . The company said its third - quarter earnings will probably be lower than the 16 cents a share it reported last year , despite a rise in the company 's revenue . The company blamed a number of factors for the earnings decline , including softer sales of joint - implants . 	answer: positive
event: causes the Nasdaq Composite Index to lose ground against other segments of the stock market starts after the Nasdaq Composite Index lose ground against other segments of the stock market story:  causes the Nasdaq Composite Index to  lose ground against other segments of the stock market . Moreover , the price volatility that is amplified by program trading is undercutting efforts to woo individual investors back to an OTC market that sorely misses them . We were n't as concerned until they became sell programs , " says Mr. DaPuzzo , who now thinks it adds unnecessary volatility . And to protect their reduced capital investment from eroding further , market makers became quicker to lower price quotes when sell programs are in progress . The problem , market makers say , is that while the industrial average and the SampP 500 usually recover as buy programs kick in , the Nasdaq Composite frequently is left behind . LIN Broadcasting surged 4 5/8 to 112 5/8 ; LIN and BellSouth sweetened their merger agreement in an attempt to keep shareholders from tendering their shares to McCaw Cellular Communications . Weisfield 's rocketed 9 1/2 to 39 after the jewelry store operator said it is in preliminary discussions , with a party it would n't identify , regarding the possible acquisition of the company . Starpointe Savings Bank rose 3 to 20 after the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. approved Dime Savings Bank of New York 's $ 21-a - share acquisition of Starpointe . The company said its third - quarter earnings will probably be lower than the 16 cents a share it reported last year , despite a rise in the company 's revenue . The company blamed a number of factors for the earnings decline , including softer sales of joint - implants . 	answer: negative
event: Both Senator D'Amato and Chuck Schumer agree this was a horrific crime and a horrible tragedy starts before it heightens the abortion issue story: The killing of Dr. Barnett Slepian , a gynecologist in Buffalo who performed abortions , has become a factor in at least two campaigns in New York , say political consultants and some campaign advisers . And in the tight race for U.S. Senate , while the Democrat , Charles Schumer , another abortion - rights supporter , has not raised Slepian 's death himself , his aides say it puts a new emphasis on the issue . No suspects have been identified . Now events are doing the work for Schumer . Slepian 's death was among the first topics raised in Saturday night 's debate between the two men , and it was instantly followed by a question to D'Amato on whether he opposed first - trimester abortions for adult women . The advertisement , said Kelli Conlin , the executive director of the New York State affiliate of Naral , is intended to spotlight D'Amato 's vote against the 1994 Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act , which Schumer sponsored . The measure made it a Federal crime to attack or blockade an abortion clinic . Now , Ms. Conlin said , it will have new resonance , and the organization is considering buying more air time . But , Isay added , ` ` it  heightens the abortion issue . ' ' ` ` Eliot is going to make a huge priority of this , ' ' Goldstein , who said it was ` ` thoroughly , thoroughly possible ' ' that the issue would surface in Spitzer 's advertisements , defended the use of the issue by noting that the attorney general has direct impact on the issue of clinic access . 	answer: positive
event: Both Senator D'Amato and Chuck Schumer agree this was a horrific crime and a horrible tragedy starts after it heightens the abortion issue story: The killing of Dr. Barnett Slepian , a gynecologist in Buffalo who performed abortions , has become a factor in at least two campaigns in New York , say political consultants and some campaign advisers . And in the tight race for U.S. Senate , while the Democrat , Charles Schumer , another abortion - rights supporter , has not raised Slepian 's death himself , his aides say it puts a new emphasis on the issue . No suspects have been identified . Now events are doing the work for Schumer . Slepian 's death was among the first topics raised in Saturday night 's debate between the two men , and it was instantly followed by a question to D'Amato on whether he opposed first - trimester abortions for adult women . The advertisement , said Kelli Conlin , the executive director of the New York State affiliate of Naral , is intended to spotlight D'Amato 's vote against the 1994 Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act , which Schumer sponsored . The measure made it a Federal crime to attack or blockade an abortion clinic . Now , Ms. Conlin said , it will have new resonance , and the organization is considering buying more air time . But , Isay added , ` ` it  heightens the abortion issue . ' ' ` ` Eliot is going to make a huge priority of this , ' ' Goldstein , who said it was ` ` thoroughly , thoroughly possible ' ' that the issue would surface in Spitzer 's advertisements , defended the use of the issue by noting that the attorney general has direct impact on the issue of clinic access . 	answer: negative
event: a bomb went off at the embassy in Tanzania at the same time starts before ` You can see a huge crater behind the building , and a bomb went off at the embassy in Tanzania at the same time he said story: NAIROBI , Kenya ( AP ) _ Suspected bombs exploded outside the U.S. embassies in the Kenyan and Tanzanian capitals Friday , killing dozens of people , witnesses said . The American ambassador to Kenya was among hundreds injured , a local TV said . ` ` It was definitely a bomb , ' ' said a U.S. Embassy official in Nairobi , who refused to identify himself . ` ` You can see a huge crater behind the building , and a bomb  went off at the embassy in Tanzania at the same time , ' ' he  said . 	answer: positive
event: a bomb went off at the embassy in Tanzania at the same time starts after ` You can see a huge crater behind the building , and a bomb went off at the embassy in Tanzania at the same time he said story: NAIROBI , Kenya ( AP ) _ Suspected bombs exploded outside the U.S. embassies in the Kenyan and Tanzanian capitals Friday , killing dozens of people , witnesses said . The American ambassador to Kenya was among hundreds injured , a local TV said . ` ` It was definitely a bomb , ' ' said a U.S. Embassy official in Nairobi , who refused to identify himself . ` ` You can see a huge crater behind the building , and a bomb  went off at the embassy in Tanzania at the same time , ' ' he  said . 	answer: negative
event: No matter how long it takes or where it takes us , we will pursue terrorists until the cases are solved and justice is done Clinton said in his weekly radio address starts before To turn our backs on those taking risks for peace , to weaken our opposition to terrorism -- that would give terrorism a victory it must not and will not have the president said story: WASHINGTON , August 8 ( Xinhua ) -- President Bill Clinton Saturday vowed to hunt down and bring to justice those who were responsible for the bombings of two U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania . " No matter how long it takes or where it takes us , we will pursue terrorists until the cases are solved and justice is done , " Clinton  said in his weekly radio address . " To turn our backs on those taking risks for peace , to weaken our opposition to terrorism -- that would give terrorism a victory it must not and will not have , " the president  said . The Friday explosions at U.S. embassies in Nairobi , Kenya , and Dar - es - Salaam , Tanzania , killed at least 110 people , and the number injured topped 2,200 . The 11 Americans were killed in Kenya , along with five Kenyan employees at the embassy . The State Department has sent medical and other supplies as well as investigators to the two countries . The FBI also dispatched dozens of agents and bombing and evidence specialists there . Aircraft have taken off from the United States , Europe and elsewhere in Africa bearing medical suplies and other equipment , along with replacement personnel for the two embassies . A 62-member rescue team , previously sent to the bombed - out federal building in Oklahoma City , Okla. , was en route to Nairobi . U.S. embassies and military installations around the world were ordered to set up barriers and tighten security systems to prevent easy access by unauthorized people -- Americans and foreigners . 	answer: positive
event: No matter how long it takes or where it takes us , we will pursue terrorists until the cases are solved and justice is done Clinton said in his weekly radio address starts after To turn our backs on those taking risks for peace , to weaken our opposition to terrorism -- that would give terrorism a victory it must not and will not have the president said story: WASHINGTON , August 8 ( Xinhua ) -- President Bill Clinton Saturday vowed to hunt down and bring to justice those who were responsible for the bombings of two U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania . " No matter how long it takes or where it takes us , we will pursue terrorists until the cases are solved and justice is done , " Clinton  said in his weekly radio address . " To turn our backs on those taking risks for peace , to weaken our opposition to terrorism -- that would give terrorism a victory it must not and will not have , " the president  said . The Friday explosions at U.S. embassies in Nairobi , Kenya , and Dar - es - Salaam , Tanzania , killed at least 110 people , and the number injured topped 2,200 . The 11 Americans were killed in Kenya , along with five Kenyan employees at the embassy . The State Department has sent medical and other supplies as well as investigators to the two countries . The FBI also dispatched dozens of agents and bombing and evidence specialists there . Aircraft have taken off from the United States , Europe and elsewhere in Africa bearing medical suplies and other equipment , along with replacement personnel for the two embassies . A 62-member rescue team , previously sent to the bombed - out federal building in Oklahoma City , Okla. , was en route to Nairobi . U.S. embassies and military installations around the world were ordered to set up barriers and tighten security systems to prevent easy access by unauthorized people -- Americans and foreigners . 	answer: negative
event: Slepian killed starts before Kopp 's 1987 Chevrolet Cavalier discovered last month at Newark , N.J. , International Airport story: The first round of DNA tests on the hair at the FBI Laboratory here established a high probability it came from the same person as a hair found in a New Jersey home where James C. Kopp , a 44-year - old anti - abortion protester , lived last year , the official said . Kopp has eluded authorities since they obtained a warrant for him as a material witness in the Oct. 23 sniper shooting of Dr. Barnett Slepian , a 52-year - old obstetrician - gynecologist who performed abortions . The search for Kopp was recently extended to Mexico . ` ` Ultimately , we would need to have a hair taken directly from Kopp himself to establish conclusively the hair from scene is his , ' ' the official added . The official said the hair was in a cap that authorities found very near the location from which the sniper is thought to have fired the rifle bullet that killed Slepian as he stood in the kitchen of his home in the Buffalo suburb of Amherst , Last week , FBI Director Louis Freeh , on an official visit to Mexico , asked Mexican authorities to join the hunt for Kopp , federal officials have said . Authorities obtained a material - witness arrest warrant for Kopp after they said Kopp 's car was spotted in Amherst in the weeks before Slepian was  killed . Kopp 's 1987 Chevrolet Cavalier was  discovered last month at Newark , N.J. , International Airport , the FBI said . The car had been in the long - term lot for about two weeks , said Greg Trevor , a spokesman for the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey . 	answer: positive
event: Slepian killed starts after Kopp 's 1987 Chevrolet Cavalier discovered last month at Newark , N.J. , International Airport story: The first round of DNA tests on the hair at the FBI Laboratory here established a high probability it came from the same person as a hair found in a New Jersey home where James C. Kopp , a 44-year - old anti - abortion protester , lived last year , the official said . Kopp has eluded authorities since they obtained a warrant for him as a material witness in the Oct. 23 sniper shooting of Dr. Barnett Slepian , a 52-year - old obstetrician - gynecologist who performed abortions . The search for Kopp was recently extended to Mexico . ` ` Ultimately , we would need to have a hair taken directly from Kopp himself to establish conclusively the hair from scene is his , ' ' the official added . The official said the hair was in a cap that authorities found very near the location from which the sniper is thought to have fired the rifle bullet that killed Slepian as he stood in the kitchen of his home in the Buffalo suburb of Amherst , Last week , FBI Director Louis Freeh , on an official visit to Mexico , asked Mexican authorities to join the hunt for Kopp , federal officials have said . Authorities obtained a material - witness arrest warrant for Kopp after they said Kopp 's car was spotted in Amherst in the weeks before Slepian was  killed . Kopp 's 1987 Chevrolet Cavalier was  discovered last month at Newark , N.J. , International Airport , the FBI said . The car had been in the long - term lot for about two weeks , said Greg Trevor , a spokesman for the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey . 	answer: negative
event: I supporting Juan Miguel because I know what it is to lose a son starts after I know what it is to lose a son story: ` ` There has been a lot of pressure , and he feels this is a family affair . ' ' Of the nine brothers and sisters of Manuel 's generation , five have come to Miami , while three remain in Cuba and one has passed away . Her brother Delfin , who was imprisoned as an anti - Castro activist in the 1960s , followed in 1979 . Of those who stayed in Cuba , Juan Miguel 's father , Juan Gonzalez , seems the most closely allied with the Cuban government . ` ` Cubans value their families above almost anything , but the post-1959 politics have managed to split thousands of families apart , ' ' he said . _ their relatives for years . In desperate need of hard currency , Castro relaxed travel restrictions and allowed Cubans to have U.S. dollars , triggering a trickle of cash from Miami that soon became a flood . ` ` The Miami families have become a lifeline , and since 1990 there has been a great trend toward reconciliation , ' ' said Florida International 's Fernandez . ` ` Although many families are still divided by politics , they have learned to forgive and forget and find common ground . ' ' The branches of the family regularly talked by telephone and the Miami relatives went back to Cuba for several family reunions . Neither side would say what happened , but when Manuel returned to his house , he was so upset he felt heart palpitations and was taken to a hospital . He was soon released and appeared to be reasonably healthy when he appeared in court the next morning . 	answer: positive
event: I supporting Juan Miguel because I know what it is to lose a son starts before I know what it is to lose a son story: ` ` There has been a lot of pressure , and he feels this is a family affair . ' ' Of the nine brothers and sisters of Manuel 's generation , five have come to Miami , while three remain in Cuba and one has passed away . Her brother Delfin , who was imprisoned as an anti - Castro activist in the 1960s , followed in 1979 . Of those who stayed in Cuba , Juan Miguel 's father , Juan Gonzalez , seems the most closely allied with the Cuban government . ` ` Cubans value their families above almost anything , but the post-1959 politics have managed to split thousands of families apart , ' ' he said . _ their relatives for years . In desperate need of hard currency , Castro relaxed travel restrictions and allowed Cubans to have U.S. dollars , triggering a trickle of cash from Miami that soon became a flood . ` ` The Miami families have become a lifeline , and since 1990 there has been a great trend toward reconciliation , ' ' said Florida International 's Fernandez . ` ` Although many families are still divided by politics , they have learned to forgive and forget and find common ground . ' ' The branches of the family regularly talked by telephone and the Miami relatives went back to Cuba for several family reunions . Neither side would say what happened , but when Manuel returned to his house , he was so upset he felt heart palpitations and was taken to a hospital . He was soon released and appeared to be reasonably healthy when he appeared in court the next morning . 	answer: negative
event: they decided to issue a warrant for his arrest in the killing of Dr. Barnett Slepian starts before Kopp , a fugitive , until now described only as a material witness story: _ officials said they had  decided to issue a warrant for his arrest in the killing of Dr. Barnett Slepian . There was no official confirmation of the decision to upgrade the warrant , but Denise O'Donnell , the U.S. attorney for the Western District of New York in Buffalo , has scheduled a news conference Thursday to announce a ` ` major development ' ' in the Slepian murder investigation . Erie County District Attorney Frank Clark , Bernard Tolbert , the special FBI agent in charge of the Buffalo office , and other investigators will also be there . Since there is no federal homicide statute as such , the federal officials said Kopp could be charged under the recent Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act , which provides for a sentence of up to life imprisonment for someone convicted of physical assaults or threats against abortion providers . Clark , the Erie district attorney , said afterwards that investigators think the doctor 's killer buried the rifle in the days before the shooting , unearthed the weapon to fire the fatal shots , then hurriedly reburied it and fled . The 44-year - old Kopp , who in FBI photographs appears as gaunt and scruffily bearded and whose last known addresses were in Vermont and New Jersey , emerged as the focus of the investigation within two weeks of the slaying . A jogger observed Kopp 's car at 6 a.m. near Slepian 's home 10 days before the murder , and , curious why a stranger would be parked there so early , wrote down the license plate number . 	answer: positive
event: they decided to issue a warrant for his arrest in the killing of Dr. Barnett Slepian starts after Kopp , a fugitive , until now described only as a material witness story: _ officials said they had  decided to issue a warrant for his arrest in the killing of Dr. Barnett Slepian . There was no official confirmation of the decision to upgrade the warrant , but Denise O'Donnell , the U.S. attorney for the Western District of New York in Buffalo , has scheduled a news conference Thursday to announce a ` ` major development ' ' in the Slepian murder investigation . Erie County District Attorney Frank Clark , Bernard Tolbert , the special FBI agent in charge of the Buffalo office , and other investigators will also be there . Since there is no federal homicide statute as such , the federal officials said Kopp could be charged under the recent Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act , which provides for a sentence of up to life imprisonment for someone convicted of physical assaults or threats against abortion providers . Clark , the Erie district attorney , said afterwards that investigators think the doctor 's killer buried the rifle in the days before the shooting , unearthed the weapon to fire the fatal shots , then hurriedly reburied it and fled . The 44-year - old Kopp , who in FBI photographs appears as gaunt and scruffily bearded and whose last known addresses were in Vermont and New Jersey , emerged as the focus of the investigation within two weeks of the slaying . A jogger observed Kopp 's car at 6 a.m. near Slepian 's home 10 days before the murder , and , curious why a stranger would be parked there so early , wrote down the license plate number . 	answer: negative
event: the large institutions that hold nearly 50 % of Navigation Mixte 's capital all strongly support him starts before Allianz for example said in official comments so far that it will remain neutral story: Cie . de Navigation Mixte Chairman Marc Fournier said his board unanimously rejected as too low the $ 1.77 billion bid by Cie . Financiere de Paribas to bring its stake in Navigation Mixte to 66.7 % . At a news conference , Mr. Fournier accused Paribas of planning to pay for the takeover by selling parts of the company , whose interests include insurance , banking , tuna canning , sugar and orange juice . At the same time , he is expected to seek legal and regulatory means of blocking or delaying Paribas 's bid . Mr. Fournier said the exceptional gain would mean nearly twice as high a dividend this year as last . Analysts noted that over the past 20 years , Mr. Fournier has built his company through astute stock - market activity and has warded off at least three takeover attempts . Mr. Fournier said the large institutions that hold nearly 50 % of Navigation Mixte 's capital all strongly  support him , but some analysts said they are n't so sure . Allianz , for example , has  said in official comments so far that it will remain neutral . Paribas said Monday that it intends to bid to boost its stake in Navigation Mixte to 66.7 % , from the 18.7 % it already owns . Paribas says it will offer 1,850 francs ( $ 296.95 ) each for Navigation Mixte shares that enjoy full dividend rights , and 1,800 francs each for a block of shares issued July 1 , which will receive only partial dividends this year . The Paribas offer values Navigation Mixte at about 23 billion francs , depending on how many of Navigation Mixte 's warrants are converted into shares during the takeover battle . 	answer: positive
event: the large institutions that hold nearly 50 % of Navigation Mixte 's capital all strongly support him starts after Allianz for example said in official comments so far that it will remain neutral story: Cie . de Navigation Mixte Chairman Marc Fournier said his board unanimously rejected as too low the $ 1.77 billion bid by Cie . Financiere de Paribas to bring its stake in Navigation Mixte to 66.7 % . At a news conference , Mr. Fournier accused Paribas of planning to pay for the takeover by selling parts of the company , whose interests include insurance , banking , tuna canning , sugar and orange juice . At the same time , he is expected to seek legal and regulatory means of blocking or delaying Paribas 's bid . Mr. Fournier said the exceptional gain would mean nearly twice as high a dividend this year as last . Analysts noted that over the past 20 years , Mr. Fournier has built his company through astute stock - market activity and has warded off at least three takeover attempts . Mr. Fournier said the large institutions that hold nearly 50 % of Navigation Mixte 's capital all strongly  support him , but some analysts said they are n't so sure . Allianz , for example , has  said in official comments so far that it will remain neutral . Paribas said Monday that it intends to bid to boost its stake in Navigation Mixte to 66.7 % , from the 18.7 % it already owns . Paribas says it will offer 1,850 francs ( $ 296.95 ) each for Navigation Mixte shares that enjoy full dividend rights , and 1,800 francs each for a block of shares issued July 1 , which will receive only partial dividends this year . The Paribas offer values Navigation Mixte at about 23 billion francs , depending on how many of Navigation Mixte 's warrants are converted into shares during the takeover battle . 	answer: negative
event: Kopp also linked through DNA testing to a strand of hair found near where the sniper fired starts after Kopp protesting abortion story: BUFFALO , N.Y. ( AP ) -- An abortion foe who is the subject of an international manhunt was charged with murder Thursday in the slaying of a doctor who was cut down in his kitchen by a sniper 's bullet . Federal and state arrest warrants were issued for James C. Kopp , 44 , of St. Albans , Vt . Investigators have been searching for Kopp since shortly after the Oct. 23 slaying . Up until Thursday , however , they had described him only as a material witness wanted for questioning -- not a suspect . Both charges carry up to life in prison . The federal charge also carries a fine of up to $ 250,000 . The newly filed charges will intensify the ongoing international manhunt , Tolbert said . Authorities have said they believe the weapon may have been buried in advance of the shooting , with the killer digging it up to fire the shot , then reburying it and fleeing . Kopp 's stepmother , who married Kopp 's father when Kopp was in his 30s , said Thursday from her home in Irving , Texas : ` ` I would like to see him come forward and clear his name if he 's not guilty , and if he 's guilty , to contact a priest and make his amends with society , face what he did . ' ' Eric Rudolph has been on the run since the January 1998 bombing of a Birmingham , Ala. , abortion clinic that killed an off - duty police officer and maimed a nurse . 	answer: positive
event: Kopp also linked through DNA testing to a strand of hair found near where the sniper fired starts before Kopp protesting abortion story: BUFFALO , N.Y. ( AP ) -- An abortion foe who is the subject of an international manhunt was charged with murder Thursday in the slaying of a doctor who was cut down in his kitchen by a sniper 's bullet . Federal and state arrest warrants were issued for James C. Kopp , 44 , of St. Albans , Vt . Investigators have been searching for Kopp since shortly after the Oct. 23 slaying . Up until Thursday , however , they had described him only as a material witness wanted for questioning -- not a suspect . Both charges carry up to life in prison . The federal charge also carries a fine of up to $ 250,000 . The newly filed charges will intensify the ongoing international manhunt , Tolbert said . Authorities have said they believe the weapon may have been buried in advance of the shooting , with the killer digging it up to fire the shot , then reburying it and fleeing . Kopp 's stepmother , who married Kopp 's father when Kopp was in his 30s , said Thursday from her home in Irving , Texas : ` ` I would like to see him come forward and clear his name if he 's not guilty , and if he 's guilty , to contact a priest and make his amends with society , face what he did . ' ' Eric Rudolph has been on the run since the January 1998 bombing of a Birmingham , Ala. , abortion clinic that killed an off - duty police officer and maimed a nurse . 	answer: negative
event: what federal charges pursued starts after Slepian , 52 , and the father of four boys , shot to death at 10 p.m. as he stood chatting with his wife in the kitchen of their home in an affluent enclave in Amherst , which is the largest Buffalo suburb story: But the decision by District Attorney Frank C. Clark to begin presenting evidence to a state grand jury suggests that he has amassed enough material to support a criminal indictment for homicide . Clark said it was easier to seek extradition of an indicted suspect from another state or a foreign country than of someone wanted as a material witness . For now , though , that would be a theoretical advantage since the authorities have admitted they have no idea where Kopp is . Clark said there was ` ` no question ' ' that the finding of the rifle was important in his decision to seek an indictment . It is undergoing testing at the FBI laboratory in Washington , but the authorities have said it resembles the kind of high - powered rifle used in the slaying . Clark said other evidence that prosecutors might present includes a strand of human hair found at the wooded firing site that has a ` ` high likelihood ' ' of matching Kopp 's hair and testimony from a jogger who spotted Kopp 's car near Slepian 's house at 6 a.m. ten days before the shooting . There also are videotapes of Kopp 's car crossing the Canadian border around the days None of those doctors were killed . If a suspect is caught and charged in both state and federal courts , a state trial would likely precede a federal one , giving the authorities two chances to prosecute . Slepian , 52 , and the father of four boys , was  shot to death at 10 p.m. as he stood chatting with his wife in the kitchen of their home in an affluent enclave in Amherst , which is the largest Buffalo suburb . 	answer: positive
event: what federal charges pursued starts before Slepian , 52 , and the father of four boys , shot to death at 10 p.m. as he stood chatting with his wife in the kitchen of their home in an affluent enclave in Amherst , which is the largest Buffalo suburb story: But the decision by District Attorney Frank C. Clark to begin presenting evidence to a state grand jury suggests that he has amassed enough material to support a criminal indictment for homicide . Clark said it was easier to seek extradition of an indicted suspect from another state or a foreign country than of someone wanted as a material witness . For now , though , that would be a theoretical advantage since the authorities have admitted they have no idea where Kopp is . Clark said there was ` ` no question ' ' that the finding of the rifle was important in his decision to seek an indictment . It is undergoing testing at the FBI laboratory in Washington , but the authorities have said it resembles the kind of high - powered rifle used in the slaying . Clark said other evidence that prosecutors might present includes a strand of human hair found at the wooded firing site that has a ` ` high likelihood ' ' of matching Kopp 's hair and testimony from a jogger who spotted Kopp 's car near Slepian 's house at 6 a.m. ten days before the shooting . There also are videotapes of Kopp 's car crossing the Canadian border around the days None of those doctors were killed . If a suspect is caught and charged in both state and federal courts , a state trial would likely precede a federal one , giving the authorities two chances to prosecute . Slepian , 52 , and the father of four boys , was  shot to death at 10 p.m. as he stood chatting with his wife in the kitchen of their home in an affluent enclave in Amherst , which is the largest Buffalo suburb . 	answer: negative
event: They talking when the bomb went off , killing 247 people and wounding more than 5,000 others starts before On Wednesday Bushnell and Kimotho met again to finish their discussion story: NAIROBI , Kenya ( AP ) _ U.S. Ambassador Prudence Bushnell wrapped up some unfinished business on Wednesday , meeting with Kenya 's trade minister to finish talks that were interrupted by the car bombing of the embassy . On Aug. 7 , Bushnell , Trade Minister Joseph Kimotho and others had just ended a news conference in a building adjacent to the embassy . They were  talking when the bomb went off , killing 247 people and wounding more than 5,000 others . On Wednesday , Bushnell and Kimotho  met again to finish their discussion , Bushnell told Kenya Television . The ambassador was cut on her lip and hands in the blast , which damaged the embassy , shattered the glass shell of the 22-story Cooperative Bank House and toppled the six - story Ufundi House . Bushnell continued with her duties throughout the subsequent search and rescue at the blast scene , memorials for those slain , and the relocation to a temporary embassy . Kimotho , who was hospitalized with a head wound , said he and Bushnell had been talking about the slated visit of U.S. Commerce Secretary William Daley in September . His trip is still on , the embassy said . The blast in Nairobi occurred at almost exactly the same moment as an explosion ripped through the American Embassy in Tanzania 's commercial capital Dar es Salaam . The death toll in the Tanzania blast , initially 10 , has risen to 12 , hospital officials and family members said Wednesday . That brought the toll for both bombings to 259 . 	answer: positive
event: They talking when the bomb went off , killing 247 people and wounding more than 5,000 others starts after On Wednesday Bushnell and Kimotho met again to finish their discussion story: NAIROBI , Kenya ( AP ) _ U.S. Ambassador Prudence Bushnell wrapped up some unfinished business on Wednesday , meeting with Kenya 's trade minister to finish talks that were interrupted by the car bombing of the embassy . On Aug. 7 , Bushnell , Trade Minister Joseph Kimotho and others had just ended a news conference in a building adjacent to the embassy . They were  talking when the bomb went off , killing 247 people and wounding more than 5,000 others . On Wednesday , Bushnell and Kimotho  met again to finish their discussion , Bushnell told Kenya Television . The ambassador was cut on her lip and hands in the blast , which damaged the embassy , shattered the glass shell of the 22-story Cooperative Bank House and toppled the six - story Ufundi House . Bushnell continued with her duties throughout the subsequent search and rescue at the blast scene , memorials for those slain , and the relocation to a temporary embassy . Kimotho , who was hospitalized with a head wound , said he and Bushnell had been talking about the slated visit of U.S. Commerce Secretary William Daley in September . His trip is still on , the embassy said . The blast in Nairobi occurred at almost exactly the same moment as an explosion ripped through the American Embassy in Tanzania 's commercial capital Dar es Salaam . The death toll in the Tanzania blast , initially 10 , has risen to 12 , hospital officials and family members said Wednesday . That brought the toll for both bombings to 259 . 	answer: negative
event: the Dataproducts board said it rejected because the $ 283.7 million offer was not fully financed starts after a $ 15-a - share offer for Dataproducts which it rejected because the $ 283.7 million offer was not fully financed story: A unit of DPC Acquisition Partners launched a $ 10-a - share tender offer for the shares outstanding of Dataproducts Corp. , and said it would seek to liquidate the computer - printer maker " as soon as possible , " even if a merger is n't consummated . DPC Acquisition is controlled by Crescott Investment Associates , Wilson Investment Group , Kernel Corp. and Catalyst Partners . The investor group owns 1,534,600 Dataproducts common shares , or a 7.6 % stake . The offer is based on several conditions , including obtaining financing . DPC Acquisition said it had received the reasonable assurance of Chase Manhattan Bank N.A. that the financing can be obtained . In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , DPC Acquisition said it expects it will need about $ 215 million to buy the shares and pay related fees and expenses . DPC Acquisition added that it has not begun discussions with financing sources , and said it expected to repay the amounts borrowed through proceeds of the liquidation . Dataproducts officials declined to comment , and said they had not yet seen a suit filed in federal court by DPC Acquisition that seeks to nullify a standstill agreement between DPC Acquisition and Dataproducts . Earlier this year , DPC Acquisition made a $ 15-a - share offer for Dataproducts , which the Dataproducts board  said it  rejected because the $ 283.7 million offer was not fully financed . Dataproducts has since started a restructuring , and has said it is not for sale . 	answer: positive
event: the Dataproducts board said it rejected because the $ 283.7 million offer was not fully financed starts before a $ 15-a - share offer for Dataproducts which it rejected because the $ 283.7 million offer was not fully financed story: A unit of DPC Acquisition Partners launched a $ 10-a - share tender offer for the shares outstanding of Dataproducts Corp. , and said it would seek to liquidate the computer - printer maker " as soon as possible , " even if a merger is n't consummated . DPC Acquisition is controlled by Crescott Investment Associates , Wilson Investment Group , Kernel Corp. and Catalyst Partners . The investor group owns 1,534,600 Dataproducts common shares , or a 7.6 % stake . The offer is based on several conditions , including obtaining financing . DPC Acquisition said it had received the reasonable assurance of Chase Manhattan Bank N.A. that the financing can be obtained . In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , DPC Acquisition said it expects it will need about $ 215 million to buy the shares and pay related fees and expenses . DPC Acquisition added that it has not begun discussions with financing sources , and said it expected to repay the amounts borrowed through proceeds of the liquidation . Dataproducts officials declined to comment , and said they had not yet seen a suit filed in federal court by DPC Acquisition that seeks to nullify a standstill agreement between DPC Acquisition and Dataproducts . Earlier this year , DPC Acquisition made a $ 15-a - share offer for Dataproducts , which the Dataproducts board  said it  rejected because the $ 283.7 million offer was not fully financed . Dataproducts has since started a restructuring , and has said it is not for sale . 	answer: negative
event: Prime Minister John Howard , a monarchist himself , promised to put the question to a national referendum next year after convention delegates voted 89 - 52 for a republic , with 11 abstentions starts after convention delegates voted 89 - 52 for a republic with 11 abstentions story: Spontaneous applause echoed through the chamber and public galleries as the crucial vote passed by a wide margin . ` ` I want a referendum , ' ' Howard said . Howard said . Even in his own Cabinet , Howard is becoming increasingly isolated with his monarchist stance . Treasurer Peter Costello , Environment Minister Robert Hill and Attorney General Daryl Williams all voted to support the republic Friday . ` ` This convention will be seen as a turning point in our history , ' ' Pro - republicans hope to have an Australian president by the opening of the 2000 Olympics and the 100th anniversary of Australian federation . Monarchists hope to defeat the republic at the referendum . ` ` Well may we say ` God save the Queen , ' for nothing will save the republic , ' ' outraged monarchist delegate David Mitchell said . Polls have shown public support for a republic increasing , rising from about 35 percent several years ago to about 51 percent this year , as pro - monarchist sentiment diminishes . ` ` She is , I can assure you , from what I 've been told , she 's following the thing very closely and taking the view it 's our business . ` ` It 's no secret that she 's indicated to me ... she is a 20th century democrat , understands that the role of the crown in Australia rests in the hands of the Australian people as it has for almost a hundred years . ' ' Former prime minister Paul Keating , who put the republic issue in the spotlight in his unsuccessful 1996 campaign for re - election , welcomed the result . 	answer: positive
event: Prime Minister John Howard , a monarchist himself , promised to put the question to a national referendum next year after convention delegates voted 89 - 52 for a republic , with 11 abstentions starts before convention delegates voted 89 - 52 for a republic with 11 abstentions story: Spontaneous applause echoed through the chamber and public galleries as the crucial vote passed by a wide margin . ` ` I want a referendum , ' ' Howard said . Howard said . Even in his own Cabinet , Howard is becoming increasingly isolated with his monarchist stance . Treasurer Peter Costello , Environment Minister Robert Hill and Attorney General Daryl Williams all voted to support the republic Friday . ` ` This convention will be seen as a turning point in our history , ' ' Pro - republicans hope to have an Australian president by the opening of the 2000 Olympics and the 100th anniversary of Australian federation . Monarchists hope to defeat the republic at the referendum . ` ` Well may we say ` God save the Queen , ' for nothing will save the republic , ' ' outraged monarchist delegate David Mitchell said . Polls have shown public support for a republic increasing , rising from about 35 percent several years ago to about 51 percent this year , as pro - monarchist sentiment diminishes . ` ` She is , I can assure you , from what I 've been told , she 's following the thing very closely and taking the view it 's our business . ` ` It 's no secret that she 's indicated to me ... she is a 20th century democrat , understands that the role of the crown in Australia rests in the hands of the Australian people as it has for almost a hundred years . ' ' Former prime minister Paul Keating , who put the republic issue in the spotlight in his unsuccessful 1996 campaign for re - election , welcomed the result . 	answer: negative
event: Mr. Nadeau said discussions are under way with potential purchasers of each of the units starts before He declined to confirm or deny reports that Provigo executive Henri Roy is trying to put together a management buy - out of the catalogue showroom unit story: In a related move , Pierre Lortie , chairman and chief executive , resigned . Mr. Lortie joined Provigo in 1985 and spearheaded the company 's drive to grow outside its traditional food business . He could n't be reached for comment . " " Mr. Nadeau also is chairman and chief executive of Unigesco Inc. , Provigo 's controlling shareholder . At a news conference , Mr. Nadeau said the sale of the three non - food businesses , which account for nearly half the company 's C$ 900 million in assets , should be completed in a " matter of months . " The three units are a nationwide pharmaceutical and health - products distributor , a small sporting - goods chain , and a combination catalog showroom and toy - store chain . Investors and analysts applauded the news . I think it 's a pretty positive development , " said Ross Cowan , a financial analyst with Levesque Beaubien Geoffrion Inc. , of the decision to concentrate on groceries . Mr. Lortie 's departure , while sudden , was seen as inevitable in light of the shift in strategy . " The non - food operations were largely Mr. Lortie 's creation { and } his strategy did n't work , " said Steven Holt , a financial analyst with Analysts are skeptical Provigo will be able to sell the non - food businesses as a group for at least book value , and are expecting write - downs . Mr. Nadeau said he could n't yet say if the sale prices would match book values . Mr. Roy could n't be reached . Mr. Bussieres was president and chief operating officer of Provigo 's Quebec retail and wholesale grocery unit . 	answer: positive
event: Mr. Nadeau said discussions are under way with potential purchasers of each of the units starts after He declined to confirm or deny reports that Provigo executive Henri Roy is trying to put together a management buy - out of the catalogue showroom unit story: In a related move , Pierre Lortie , chairman and chief executive , resigned . Mr. Lortie joined Provigo in 1985 and spearheaded the company 's drive to grow outside its traditional food business . He could n't be reached for comment . " " Mr. Nadeau also is chairman and chief executive of Unigesco Inc. , Provigo 's controlling shareholder . At a news conference , Mr. Nadeau said the sale of the three non - food businesses , which account for nearly half the company 's C$ 900 million in assets , should be completed in a " matter of months . " The three units are a nationwide pharmaceutical and health - products distributor , a small sporting - goods chain , and a combination catalog showroom and toy - store chain . Investors and analysts applauded the news . I think it 's a pretty positive development , " said Ross Cowan , a financial analyst with Levesque Beaubien Geoffrion Inc. , of the decision to concentrate on groceries . Mr. Lortie 's departure , while sudden , was seen as inevitable in light of the shift in strategy . " The non - food operations were largely Mr. Lortie 's creation { and } his strategy did n't work , " said Steven Holt , a financial analyst with Analysts are skeptical Provigo will be able to sell the non - food businesses as a group for at least book value , and are expecting write - downs . Mr. Nadeau said he could n't yet say if the sale prices would match book values . Mr. Roy could n't be reached . Mr. Bussieres was president and chief operating officer of Provigo 's Quebec retail and wholesale grocery unit . 	answer: negative
event: the nation 's fifth largest steelmaker hurt by holding higher - cost inventory when raw material costs of such key products as nickel starts after dropped story: Separately , two more of the nation 's top steelmakers -- Armco Inc. and National Intergroup Inc. -- reported lower operating earnings in their steel businesses , marking what is generally believed to be the end of a two - year boom in the industry . Bethlehem , the nation 's second largest steelmaker , earned $ 46.9 million , or 54 cents a share . Third - quarter sales dropped 11 % to $ 1.27 billion from $ 1.43 billion a year ago . Of all the major steelmakers , Bethlehem would seem to be the most vulnerable to a slowdown . It has n't diversified beyond steel , nor has it linked up with a joint venture partner to share costs and risks . However , in spite of the difficult industrywide environment of high cost and low volume , Bethlehem " had pretty good earnings numbers , " said Michelle Galanter Applebaum , an analyst with At the same time , production costs , compared with a year ago , were boosted by higher raw material and employment costs , which resulted from the company 's new labor pact effective June 1 . " Sales dropped to $ 441.1 million from $ 820.4 million , because the company no longer consolidates its Eastern Steel division , which is now a joint venture with  dropped . Operating profit dropped 46 % in its specialty flat - rolled steel segment . Armco shares closed unchanged at $ 10.625 in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange . Last year 's results were hurt by $ 41.3 million in restructuring charges . National Intergroup stock closed at $ 15 , unchanged in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange . 	answer: positive
event: the nation 's fifth largest steelmaker hurt by holding higher - cost inventory when raw material costs of such key products as nickel starts before dropped story: Separately , two more of the nation 's top steelmakers -- Armco Inc. and National Intergroup Inc. -- reported lower operating earnings in their steel businesses , marking what is generally believed to be the end of a two - year boom in the industry . Bethlehem , the nation 's second largest steelmaker , earned $ 46.9 million , or 54 cents a share . Third - quarter sales dropped 11 % to $ 1.27 billion from $ 1.43 billion a year ago . Of all the major steelmakers , Bethlehem would seem to be the most vulnerable to a slowdown . It has n't diversified beyond steel , nor has it linked up with a joint venture partner to share costs and risks . However , in spite of the difficult industrywide environment of high cost and low volume , Bethlehem " had pretty good earnings numbers , " said Michelle Galanter Applebaum , an analyst with At the same time , production costs , compared with a year ago , were boosted by higher raw material and employment costs , which resulted from the company 's new labor pact effective June 1 . " Sales dropped to $ 441.1 million from $ 820.4 million , because the company no longer consolidates its Eastern Steel division , which is now a joint venture with  dropped . Operating profit dropped 46 % in its specialty flat - rolled steel segment . Armco shares closed unchanged at $ 10.625 in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange . Last year 's results were hurt by $ 41.3 million in restructuring charges . National Intergroup stock closed at $ 15 , unchanged in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange . 	answer: negative
event: U.S. Attorney Denise E. O'Donnell declined to discuss what federal charges were being pursued starts after Amherst which is the largest Buffalo suburb story: Clark said it was easier to seek extradition of an indicted suspect from another state or a foreign country than of someone wanted as a material witness . For now , though , that would be a theoretical advantage since the authorities have admitted they have no idea where Kopp is . Clark said there was ` ` no question ' ' that the finding of the rifle was important in his decision to seek an indictment . The rifle was discovered April 8 buried one foot below the ground , about 200 feet behind Slepian 's house . It is undergoing testing at the FBI laboratory in Washington , but the authorities have said it resembles the kind of high - powered rifle used in the slaying . None of those doctors were killed . If a suspect is caught and charged in both state and federal courts , a state trial would likely precede a federal one , giving the authorities two chances to prosecute . U.S. Attorney Denise E. O'Donnell  declined to discuss what federal charges were being pursued , but she said that in a case like this , potential charges would be abortion - related violence , the use of a firearm in an act of violence , crossing state lines to commit a crime , and , if the suspect 's act was tied to an organization , violation of the so - called RICO statutes , which prohibit an organized criminal enterprise . Slepian , 52 , and the father of four boys , was shot to death at 10 p.m. as he stood chatting with his wife in the kitchen of their home in an affluent enclave in Amherst , which  is the largest Buffalo suburb . 	answer: positive
event: U.S. Attorney Denise E. O'Donnell declined to discuss what federal charges were being pursued starts before Amherst which is the largest Buffalo suburb story: Clark said it was easier to seek extradition of an indicted suspect from another state or a foreign country than of someone wanted as a material witness . For now , though , that would be a theoretical advantage since the authorities have admitted they have no idea where Kopp is . Clark said there was ` ` no question ' ' that the finding of the rifle was important in his decision to seek an indictment . The rifle was discovered April 8 buried one foot below the ground , about 200 feet behind Slepian 's house . It is undergoing testing at the FBI laboratory in Washington , but the authorities have said it resembles the kind of high - powered rifle used in the slaying . None of those doctors were killed . If a suspect is caught and charged in both state and federal courts , a state trial would likely precede a federal one , giving the authorities two chances to prosecute . U.S. Attorney Denise E. O'Donnell  declined to discuss what federal charges were being pursued , but she said that in a case like this , potential charges would be abortion - related violence , the use of a firearm in an act of violence , crossing state lines to commit a crime , and , if the suspect 's act was tied to an organization , violation of the so - called RICO statutes , which prohibit an organized criminal enterprise . Slepian , 52 , and the father of four boys , was shot to death at 10 p.m. as he stood chatting with his wife in the kitchen of their home in an affluent enclave in Amherst , which  is the largest Buffalo suburb . 	answer: negative
event: 100,000 shares bought from Aug. 26 to Oct. 20 for $ 23.31 to $ 24.25 a share starts before Hewlett - Packard , a Palo Alto , Calif. , computer company , said it acquired the stock " to develop and maintain a strategic partnership in which each company remains independent while working together to market and sell their products story: Hewlett - Packard Co. said it raised its stake in Octel Communications Corp. to 8.5 % of the common shares outstanding . In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing , Hewlett - Packard said it now holds 1,384,119 Octel common shares , including 100,000 shares  bought from Aug. 26 to Oct. 20 for $ 23.31 to $ 24.25 a share . Hewlett - Packard , a Palo Alto , Calif. , computer company ,  said it acquired the stock " to develop and maintain a strategic partnership in which each company remains independent while working together to market and sell their products . " Octel said the purchase was expected . Hewlett - Packard affirmed it does n't plan to obtain control of Octel , a Milpitas , Calif. , maker of voice - processing systems . According to the filing , Hewlett - Packard acquired 730,070 common shares from Octel as a result of an Aug. 10 , 1988 , stock purchase agreement . That accord also called for Hewlett - Packard to buy 730,070 Octel shares in the open market within 18 months . In addition , Hewlett - Packard acquired a two - year option to buy an extra 10 % , of which half may be sold directly to Hewlett - Packard by Octel . 	answer: positive
event: 100,000 shares bought from Aug. 26 to Oct. 20 for $ 23.31 to $ 24.25 a share starts after Hewlett - Packard , a Palo Alto , Calif. , computer company , said it acquired the stock " to develop and maintain a strategic partnership in which each company remains independent while working together to market and sell their products story: Hewlett - Packard Co. said it raised its stake in Octel Communications Corp. to 8.5 % of the common shares outstanding . In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing , Hewlett - Packard said it now holds 1,384,119 Octel common shares , including 100,000 shares  bought from Aug. 26 to Oct. 20 for $ 23.31 to $ 24.25 a share . Hewlett - Packard , a Palo Alto , Calif. , computer company ,  said it acquired the stock " to develop and maintain a strategic partnership in which each company remains independent while working together to market and sell their products . " Octel said the purchase was expected . Hewlett - Packard affirmed it does n't plan to obtain control of Octel , a Milpitas , Calif. , maker of voice - processing systems . According to the filing , Hewlett - Packard acquired 730,070 common shares from Octel as a result of an Aug. 10 , 1988 , stock purchase agreement . That accord also called for Hewlett - Packard to buy 730,070 Octel shares in the open market within 18 months . In addition , Hewlett - Packard acquired a two - year option to buy an extra 10 % , of which half may be sold directly to Hewlett - Packard by Octel . 	answer: negative
event: investigators wondering how the assailant could have emerged from the woods without fearing he would be seen carrying a rifle starts after the doctor 's killer then hurriedly fled story: Based on physical evidence _ including a rifle found in April month buried near the doctor 's house and a match between fibers found near the murder and others found in Kopp 's car _ officials said they had decided to issue a warrant for his arrest in the killing of Dr. Barnett Slepian . Kopp , a fugitive , has until now been described only as a material witness and a nationwide warrant had been issued so that he could be held for questioning . There was no official confirmation of the decision to upgrade the warrant , but Denise O'Donnell , the U.S. attorney for the Western District of New York in Buffalo , has scheduled a news conference Thursday to announce a ` ` major development ' ' in the Slepian murder investigation . If Kopp were also indicted and convicted on state murder charges , he could face the death penalty . Slepian , a 52-year - old obstetrician and gynecologist who was the mainstay of Buffalo 's only abortion clinic , was shot to death on the night of Oct. 23 as he stood in the kitchen of his home in suburban Amherst , N.Y. chatting with his wife and one of his four sons . Clark , the Erie district attorney , said afterwards that investigators think the doctor 's killer buried the rifle in the days before the shooting , unearthed the weapon to fire the fatal shots , then hurriedly reburied it and  fled . The 44-year - old Kopp , who in FBI photographs appears as gaunt and scruffily bearded and whose last known addresses were in Vermont and New Jersey , emerged as the focus of the investigation within two weeks of the slaying . 	answer: positive
event: investigators wondering how the assailant could have emerged from the woods without fearing he would be seen carrying a rifle starts before the doctor 's killer then hurriedly fled story: Based on physical evidence _ including a rifle found in April month buried near the doctor 's house and a match between fibers found near the murder and others found in Kopp 's car _ officials said they had decided to issue a warrant for his arrest in the killing of Dr. Barnett Slepian . Kopp , a fugitive , has until now been described only as a material witness and a nationwide warrant had been issued so that he could be held for questioning . There was no official confirmation of the decision to upgrade the warrant , but Denise O'Donnell , the U.S. attorney for the Western District of New York in Buffalo , has scheduled a news conference Thursday to announce a ` ` major development ' ' in the Slepian murder investigation . If Kopp were also indicted and convicted on state murder charges , he could face the death penalty . Slepian , a 52-year - old obstetrician and gynecologist who was the mainstay of Buffalo 's only abortion clinic , was shot to death on the night of Oct. 23 as he stood in the kitchen of his home in suburban Amherst , N.Y. chatting with his wife and one of his four sons . Clark , the Erie district attorney , said afterwards that investigators think the doctor 's killer buried the rifle in the days before the shooting , unearthed the weapon to fire the fatal shots , then hurriedly reburied it and  fled . The 44-year - old Kopp , who in FBI photographs appears as gaunt and scruffily bearded and whose last known addresses were in Vermont and New Jersey , emerged as the focus of the investigation within two weeks of the slaying . 	answer: negative
event: some started shipping starts before some announced early availability story: Intel Corp. 's most powerful computer chip has flaws that could delay several computer makers ' marketing efforts , but the " bugs " are n't expected to hurt Intel and most computer makers . Intel said that last week a customer discovered two flaws in its 80486 microprocessor chip 's " floating - point unit " , a set of circuits that do certain calculations . But while International Business Machines Corp. and Compaq Computer Corp. say the bugs will delay products , most big computer makers said the flaws do n't affect them . These bugs do n't affect our schedule at all , " he said . Likewise , AST Research Inc. and Sun Microsystems Inc. said the bugs wo n't delay their development of 486-based machines . " We have n't modified our schedules in any way , " said a Sun spokesman . " " An IBM spokeswoman said the company told customers Monday about the bugs and temporarily stopped shipping the product . " Because of the glitch , however , the company said it does n't know when its machine will be commercially available . The 486 is the descendant of a long series of Intel chips that began dominating the market ever since IBM picked the 16-bit 8088 chip for its first personal computer . Big personal computer makers and many makers of engineering workstations are developing 486-based machines , which are expected to reach the market early next year . Of the big computer makers , only Apple Computer Co. bases its machines on Motorola chips instead . It 's going to be the leading edge technology in personal computers for the next few years . Andy Zipser in Dallas contributed to this article . 	answer: positive
event: some started shipping starts after some announced early availability story: Intel Corp. 's most powerful computer chip has flaws that could delay several computer makers ' marketing efforts , but the " bugs " are n't expected to hurt Intel and most computer makers . Intel said that last week a customer discovered two flaws in its 80486 microprocessor chip 's " floating - point unit " , a set of circuits that do certain calculations . But while International Business Machines Corp. and Compaq Computer Corp. say the bugs will delay products , most big computer makers said the flaws do n't affect them . These bugs do n't affect our schedule at all , " he said . Likewise , AST Research Inc. and Sun Microsystems Inc. said the bugs wo n't delay their development of 486-based machines . " We have n't modified our schedules in any way , " said a Sun spokesman . " " An IBM spokeswoman said the company told customers Monday about the bugs and temporarily stopped shipping the product . " Because of the glitch , however , the company said it does n't know when its machine will be commercially available . The 486 is the descendant of a long series of Intel chips that began dominating the market ever since IBM picked the 16-bit 8088 chip for its first personal computer . Big personal computer makers and many makers of engineering workstations are developing 486-based machines , which are expected to reach the market early next year . Of the big computer makers , only Apple Computer Co. bases its machines on Motorola chips instead . It 's going to be the leading edge technology in personal computers for the next few years . Andy Zipser in Dallas contributed to this article . 	answer: negative
event: Benjamin Franklin Federal Savings amp Loan Association said it plans to restructure in the wake of a third - quarter loss of $ 7.7 million , or $ 1.01 a share , reflecting an $ 11 million addition to loan - loss reserves starts before The Portland , Ore. , thrift said the restructuring should help it meet new capital standards from the Financial Institution Reform , Recovery and Enforcement Act story: Benjamin Franklin Federal Savings amp Loan Association  said it plans to restructure in the wake of a third - quarter loss of $ 7.7 million , or $ 1.01 a share , reflecting an $ 11 million addition to loan - loss reserves . The Portland , Ore. , thrift  said the restructuring should help it meet new capital standards from the Financial Institution Reform , Recovery and Enforcement Act . A year ago , Benjamin Franklin had profit of $ 1.8 million , or 23 cents a share . In over - the - counter trading yesterday , Benjamin Franklin rose 25 cents to $ 4.25 . The company said the restructuring 's initial phase will feature a gradual reduction in assets and staff positions . The plan may include selling branches , consolidating or eliminating departments , and winding down or disposing of unprofitable units within 18 months . Initially , the company said it will close its commercial real - estate lending division , and stop originating new leases at its commercial lease subsidiary . Details of the restructuring wo n't be made final until regulators approve the regulations mandated by the new federal act , the company said . 	answer: positive
event: Benjamin Franklin Federal Savings amp Loan Association said it plans to restructure in the wake of a third - quarter loss of $ 7.7 million , or $ 1.01 a share , reflecting an $ 11 million addition to loan - loss reserves starts after The Portland , Ore. , thrift said the restructuring should help it meet new capital standards from the Financial Institution Reform , Recovery and Enforcement Act story: Benjamin Franklin Federal Savings amp Loan Association  said it plans to restructure in the wake of a third - quarter loss of $ 7.7 million , or $ 1.01 a share , reflecting an $ 11 million addition to loan - loss reserves . The Portland , Ore. , thrift  said the restructuring should help it meet new capital standards from the Financial Institution Reform , Recovery and Enforcement Act . A year ago , Benjamin Franklin had profit of $ 1.8 million , or 23 cents a share . In over - the - counter trading yesterday , Benjamin Franklin rose 25 cents to $ 4.25 . The company said the restructuring 's initial phase will feature a gradual reduction in assets and staff positions . The plan may include selling branches , consolidating or eliminating departments , and winding down or disposing of unprofitable units within 18 months . Initially , the company said it will close its commercial real - estate lending division , and stop originating new leases at its commercial lease subsidiary . Details of the restructuring wo n't be made final until regulators approve the regulations mandated by the new federal act , the company said . 	answer: negative
event: The three countries finished all necessary formalities for accession after the Hungarian parliament ratified the accession treaty on Tuesday starts before Also applying for NATO membership Romania , Slovenia , Latvia , Estonia , Lithuania and Bulgaria story: BRUSSELS , February 10 ( Xinhua ) -- The North Atlantic Treaty Organization ( NATO ) has decided to admit Poland , Hungary and the Czech Republic in early March , an official from the organization said on Wednesday . The official said that the accession was planned for early March , but no exact date was fixed yet . He added that a ceremonial accession would still be held at the NATO Washington summit on April 24 and 25 . The March accession will enable the three countries to be eligible for signing the summit documents that will include the alliance 's new strategic concept and post - Madrid development plan , the official added . The western military alliance invited the three central and eastern European countries to join the 16-nation bloc in July 1997 at the Madrid summit . The three countries have  finished all necessary formalities for accession after the Hungarian parliament ratified the accession treaty on Tuesday . Also  applying for NATO membership are Romania , Slovenia , Latvia , Estonia , Lithuania and Bulgaria . 	answer: positive
event: The three countries finished all necessary formalities for accession after the Hungarian parliament ratified the accession treaty on Tuesday starts after Also applying for NATO membership Romania , Slovenia , Latvia , Estonia , Lithuania and Bulgaria story: BRUSSELS , February 10 ( Xinhua ) -- The North Atlantic Treaty Organization ( NATO ) has decided to admit Poland , Hungary and the Czech Republic in early March , an official from the organization said on Wednesday . The official said that the accession was planned for early March , but no exact date was fixed yet . He added that a ceremonial accession would still be held at the NATO Washington summit on April 24 and 25 . The March accession will enable the three countries to be eligible for signing the summit documents that will include the alliance 's new strategic concept and post - Madrid development plan , the official added . The western military alliance invited the three central and eastern European countries to join the 16-nation bloc in July 1997 at the Madrid summit . The three countries have  finished all necessary formalities for accession after the Hungarian parliament ratified the accession treaty on Tuesday . Also  applying for NATO membership are Romania , Slovenia , Latvia , Estonia , Lithuania and Bulgaria . 	answer: negative
event: In a ceremony tinged with the personal and the emotional at the Truman Presidential Library here Secretary of State Madeleine Albright then held them aloft like a victory trophy starts after her homeland and its neighbors joining the alliance story: ` ` To quote an old Central European expression , ` Hallelujah , ' ' ' she said . In Poland , Hungary and the Czech Republic , the moment was marked by small - scale public celebrations . But the policy also faced critics , who argued that welcoming these three new countries would draw a new line across Europe and antagonize the Russians . As of Friday , the border between Western Europe and the former Soviet Union moved to the eastern border of Poland . In the aftermath of the Cold War , she said , NATO must be ready to face ` ` an aggressive regime , a rampaging faction , or a terrorist group . But in many ways , the day belonged to the Czech Republic , Hungary and Poland , who in order to meet NATO 's standards have had to cut the size of their Soviet - style militaries , organize civilian control of their armies and agree to buy NATO compatible equipment in the coming years . It was the spiritual homecoming to the West that all three foreign ministers stressed . Geremek said . The Clinton administration embarked on the expansion of NATO in 1993 after Clinton met in Washington with President Havel and Lech Walesa , who was then the president of Poland . In early 1997 , President Boris Yeltsin told President Clinton he could live with NATO expansion . But in order to accommodate the Russians , NATO created the NATO - Russia Council as a consultative body that formalized relations between Moscow and the alliance . 	answer: positive
event: In a ceremony tinged with the personal and the emotional at the Truman Presidential Library here Secretary of State Madeleine Albright then held them aloft like a victory trophy starts before her homeland and its neighbors joining the alliance story: ` ` To quote an old Central European expression , ` Hallelujah , ' ' ' she said . In Poland , Hungary and the Czech Republic , the moment was marked by small - scale public celebrations . But the policy also faced critics , who argued that welcoming these three new countries would draw a new line across Europe and antagonize the Russians . As of Friday , the border between Western Europe and the former Soviet Union moved to the eastern border of Poland . In the aftermath of the Cold War , she said , NATO must be ready to face ` ` an aggressive regime , a rampaging faction , or a terrorist group . But in many ways , the day belonged to the Czech Republic , Hungary and Poland , who in order to meet NATO 's standards have had to cut the size of their Soviet - style militaries , organize civilian control of their armies and agree to buy NATO compatible equipment in the coming years . It was the spiritual homecoming to the West that all three foreign ministers stressed . Geremek said . The Clinton administration embarked on the expansion of NATO in 1993 after Clinton met in Washington with President Havel and Lech Walesa , who was then the president of Poland . In early 1997 , President Boris Yeltsin told President Clinton he could live with NATO expansion . But in order to accommodate the Russians , NATO created the NATO - Russia Council as a consultative body that formalized relations between Moscow and the alliance . 	answer: negative
event: In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange Friday Crossland closed at $ 5.25 down $ 1.875 , a 26 % decline starts before A spokesman said the savings bank may not qualify for the capital requirements because , under the proposed guidelines , its $ 380 million of preferred stock does n't meet the " core capital " criteria outlined under the new Financial Institutions Reform , Recovery and Enforcement Act of 1989 story: Crossland Savings Bank 's stock plummeted after management recommended a suspension of dividend payments on both its common and preferred stock because Crossland may not meet the new government capital criteria effective Dec. 7 . In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange Friday , Crossland  closed at $ 5.25 , down $ 1.875 , a 26 % decline . He added that final guidelines to be published in early November will determine whether the bank is in compliance . Crossland said it retained three investment bankers to assist it in developing and implementing a financial restructuring plan . It would n't identify the bankers . A major factor in the third - quarter loss was the write - down of $ 143.6 million of goodwill . The spokesman said that the proposed guidelines caused Crossland to revise its business objectives and , consequently , to write down the asset value of some previous acquisitions . Crossland recorded an additional $ 20 million in loan loss reserves in the third quarter . Third - quarter loan originations dropped sharply to $ 663 million from $ 1 billion a year ago . Standard amp Poor 's Corp. lowered the rating on Crossland 's preferred stock to double - C from single - B - minus and placed it on CreditWatch for possible further downgrade . It also placed on CreditWatch for possible downgrade other securities , including the double - B - minus / B rating of Crossland 's certificates of deposit and the single - B rating of its senior subordinated capital notes . 	answer: positive
event: In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange Friday Crossland closed at $ 5.25 down $ 1.875 , a 26 % decline starts after A spokesman said the savings bank may not qualify for the capital requirements because , under the proposed guidelines , its $ 380 million of preferred stock does n't meet the " core capital " criteria outlined under the new Financial Institutions Reform , Recovery and Enforcement Act of 1989 story: Crossland Savings Bank 's stock plummeted after management recommended a suspension of dividend payments on both its common and preferred stock because Crossland may not meet the new government capital criteria effective Dec. 7 . In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange Friday , Crossland  closed at $ 5.25 , down $ 1.875 , a 26 % decline . He added that final guidelines to be published in early November will determine whether the bank is in compliance . Crossland said it retained three investment bankers to assist it in developing and implementing a financial restructuring plan . It would n't identify the bankers . A major factor in the third - quarter loss was the write - down of $ 143.6 million of goodwill . The spokesman said that the proposed guidelines caused Crossland to revise its business objectives and , consequently , to write down the asset value of some previous acquisitions . Crossland recorded an additional $ 20 million in loan loss reserves in the third quarter . Third - quarter loan originations dropped sharply to $ 663 million from $ 1 billion a year ago . Standard amp Poor 's Corp. lowered the rating on Crossland 's preferred stock to double - C from single - B - minus and placed it on CreditWatch for possible further downgrade . It also placed on CreditWatch for possible downgrade other securities , including the double - B - minus / B rating of Crossland 's certificates of deposit and the single - B rating of its senior subordinated capital notes . 	answer: negative
event: higher sales and shipments to service centers from its Armco Steel Co. joint venture failed to offset weakness in the automotive market , higher production costs and a poorer product mix starts before closed unchanged at $ 10.625 in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange story: Wall Street analysts expect the disappointing trend to continue into the fourth quarter and through at least the first two quarters of 1990 , when the industry will increasingly see the effect of price erosion in major product lines , such as rolled sheet used for cars , appliances and construction . In fact , he thinks several steelmakers will report actual losses through the third quarter of 1990 . However , in spite of the difficult industrywide environment of high cost and low volume , Bethlehem " had pretty good earnings numbers , " said Michelle Galanter Applebaum , an analyst with Still , Bethlehem 's core basic steel operations experienced a steep drop in operating profit to $ 58.6 million from $ 186.4 million a year ago , when the industry enjoyed strong demand and pricing . At the same time , production costs , compared with a year ago , were boosted by higher raw material and employment costs , which resulted from the company 's new labor pact effective June 1 . We anticipate that steel market conditions will exhibit a further moderate decline in the fourth quarter as the automotive sector remains weak and customers continue to adjust inventories , " said Bethlehem Chairman Walter F. Williams . Steel business , said third - quarter net income dropped 8 % to $ 33 million , or 35 cents a share , from $ 36 million , or 39 cents a share in the year - ago quarter . Moreover , the company said higher sales and shipments to service centers from its Armco Steel Co. joint venture  failed to offset weakness in the automotive market , higher production costs and a poorer product mix . 	answer: positive
event: higher sales and shipments to service centers from its Armco Steel Co. joint venture failed to offset weakness in the automotive market , higher production costs and a poorer product mix starts after closed unchanged at $ 10.625 in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange story: Wall Street analysts expect the disappointing trend to continue into the fourth quarter and through at least the first two quarters of 1990 , when the industry will increasingly see the effect of price erosion in major product lines , such as rolled sheet used for cars , appliances and construction . In fact , he thinks several steelmakers will report actual losses through the third quarter of 1990 . However , in spite of the difficult industrywide environment of high cost and low volume , Bethlehem " had pretty good earnings numbers , " said Michelle Galanter Applebaum , an analyst with Still , Bethlehem 's core basic steel operations experienced a steep drop in operating profit to $ 58.6 million from $ 186.4 million a year ago , when the industry enjoyed strong demand and pricing . At the same time , production costs , compared with a year ago , were boosted by higher raw material and employment costs , which resulted from the company 's new labor pact effective June 1 . We anticipate that steel market conditions will exhibit a further moderate decline in the fourth quarter as the automotive sector remains weak and customers continue to adjust inventories , " said Bethlehem Chairman Walter F. Williams . Steel business , said third - quarter net income dropped 8 % to $ 33 million , or 35 cents a share , from $ 36 million , or 39 cents a share in the year - ago quarter . Moreover , the company said higher sales and shipments to service centers from its Armco Steel Co. joint venture  failed to offset weakness in the automotive market , higher production costs and a poorer product mix . 	answer: negative
event: The company said it expects to release third - quarter results in mid - November starts after it expects to release third - quarter results in mid - November story: Service Corp. International said it expects to report net income of 15 cents a share for the third quarter . The company  said it  expects to release third - quarter results in mid - November . The funeral home and cemetery operator changed from a fiscal year to a calendar year in December . In the comparable year - ago quarter , the second quarter ended Oct. 31 , Service Corp. had a loss of about $ 12.5 million , or 26 cents a share , on revenue of $ 175.4 million . Results for that quarter included a $ 30 million , or 40 cents a share , write - down associated with the consolidation of a facility . 	answer: positive
event: The company said it expects to release third - quarter results in mid - November starts before it expects to release third - quarter results in mid - November story: Service Corp. International said it expects to report net income of 15 cents a share for the third quarter . The company  said it  expects to release third - quarter results in mid - November . The funeral home and cemetery operator changed from a fiscal year to a calendar year in December . In the comparable year - ago quarter , the second quarter ended Oct. 31 , Service Corp. had a loss of about $ 12.5 million , or 26 cents a share , on revenue of $ 175.4 million . Results for that quarter included a $ 30 million , or 40 cents a share , write - down associated with the consolidation of a facility . 	answer: negative
event: Instead she told him about Amir 's statements starts before called the talk about killing Rabin ` ` nonsense story: Taking the stand in her own defense , a friend of Yitzhak Rabin 's assassin said Friday that she regretted calling the prime minister a traitor and praying for his death . Margalit Har - Shefi , 22 , has pleaded innocent to charges that she failed to report Yigal Amir 's plan to kill Rabin . She took the stand for more than four hours Friday in a Tel Aviv magistrate 's court . Amir , 27 , is serving a life sentence for the November 1995 assassination of Rabin at a Tel Aviv peace rally . She said Rabin 's murder was ` ` a black stain on Israel , ' ' Israel radio and Israel army radio reported . Har - Shefi said she heard Amir talk about killing Rabin but did not tell the police because she did not believe he was serious . Instead , she turned to her community rabbi in the Jewish West Bank settlement of Beit El and  told him about Amir 's statements . The rabbi said  called the talk about killing Rabin ` ` nonsense , ' ' and said Jews are prohibited from killing one another , the radio reports said . Har - Shefi described Amir as an ` ` original thinker , ' ' as well as delusional and a liar . She also denied accusations made by Amir 's brother , Hagai , that she joined an anti - Arab underground movement . She said she gave the Amir brothers false information regarding the location of a weapons and ammunition cache when they asked her to help organize such a movement . 	answer: positive
event: Instead she told him about Amir 's statements starts after called the talk about killing Rabin ` ` nonsense story: Taking the stand in her own defense , a friend of Yitzhak Rabin 's assassin said Friday that she regretted calling the prime minister a traitor and praying for his death . Margalit Har - Shefi , 22 , has pleaded innocent to charges that she failed to report Yigal Amir 's plan to kill Rabin . She took the stand for more than four hours Friday in a Tel Aviv magistrate 's court . Amir , 27 , is serving a life sentence for the November 1995 assassination of Rabin at a Tel Aviv peace rally . She said Rabin 's murder was ` ` a black stain on Israel , ' ' Israel radio and Israel army radio reported . Har - Shefi said she heard Amir talk about killing Rabin but did not tell the police because she did not believe he was serious . Instead , she turned to her community rabbi in the Jewish West Bank settlement of Beit El and  told him about Amir 's statements . The rabbi said  called the talk about killing Rabin ` ` nonsense , ' ' and said Jews are prohibited from killing one another , the radio reports said . Har - Shefi described Amir as an ` ` original thinker , ' ' as well as delusional and a liar . She also denied accusations made by Amir 's brother , Hagai , that she joined an anti - Arab underground movement . She said she gave the Amir brothers false information regarding the location of a weapons and ammunition cache when they asked her to help organize such a movement . 	answer: negative
event: hair found near where a sniper shot and killed a Buffalo , N.Y. , doctor who performed abortions starts after where a sniper killed a Buffalo , N.Y. , doctor who performed abortions story: WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- Preliminary DNA tests link a missing anti - abortion activist to a strand of hair  found near where a sniper shot and  killed a Buffalo , N.Y. , doctor who performed abortions , a law enforcement official said Friday . Meantime , FBI agents and Metropolitan Police officers assigned to a joint terrorism task force here scanned the crowd of anti - abortion protesters at the annual March for Life on Capitol Hill , because Kopp has been either a participant in or arrested at this march in each of the last three years , according to another law enforcement official , Both officials requested anonymity . ` ` Ultimately , we would need to have a hair taken directly from Kopp himself to establish conclusively the hair from scene is his , ' ' the official added . N.Y. But The Buffalo News reported Friday that the hair was in a packet , with at least two bullets , that was found buried in the ground more than 50 feet from a tree where police believe the sniper stood and fired . They believe Kopp was driven to Mexico by a female friend after the shooting , and have a trail of her credit card receipts leading to Mexico , the federal officials have said . In addition , a Customs Service videotape from a border crossing point shows the woman 's car returning from Mexico , these officials said . Authorities obtained a material - witness arrest warrant for Kopp after they said Kopp 's car was spotted in Amherst in the weeks before Slepian was killed . Kopp 's 1987 Chevrolet Cavalier was discovered last month at Newark , N.J. , International Airport , the FBI said . 	answer: positive
event: hair found near where a sniper shot and killed a Buffalo , N.Y. , doctor who performed abortions starts before where a sniper killed a Buffalo , N.Y. , doctor who performed abortions story: WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- Preliminary DNA tests link a missing anti - abortion activist to a strand of hair  found near where a sniper shot and  killed a Buffalo , N.Y. , doctor who performed abortions , a law enforcement official said Friday . Meantime , FBI agents and Metropolitan Police officers assigned to a joint terrorism task force here scanned the crowd of anti - abortion protesters at the annual March for Life on Capitol Hill , because Kopp has been either a participant in or arrested at this march in each of the last three years , according to another law enforcement official , Both officials requested anonymity . ` ` Ultimately , we would need to have a hair taken directly from Kopp himself to establish conclusively the hair from scene is his , ' ' the official added . N.Y. But The Buffalo News reported Friday that the hair was in a packet , with at least two bullets , that was found buried in the ground more than 50 feet from a tree where police believe the sniper stood and fired . They believe Kopp was driven to Mexico by a female friend after the shooting , and have a trail of her credit card receipts leading to Mexico , the federal officials have said . In addition , a Customs Service videotape from a border crossing point shows the woman 's car returning from Mexico , these officials said . Authorities obtained a material - witness arrest warrant for Kopp after they said Kopp 's car was spotted in Amherst in the weeks before Slepian was killed . Kopp 's 1987 Chevrolet Cavalier was discovered last month at Newark , N.J. , International Airport , the FBI said . 	answer: negative
event: The branches of the family regularly talked by telephone starts before the inflammatory rhetoric flying between Castro 's government and exile extremists in Miami story: It was a move that many see as courageous and principled , but others fear may be foolhardy . Elian should be with his father . ' But the family has overcome steep obstacles before . Of the nine brothers and sisters of Manuel 's generation , five have come to Miami , while three remain in Cuba and one has passed away . Her brother Delfin , who was imprisoned as an anti - Castro activist in the 1960s , followed in 1979 . By some estimates , the 700,000 Cubans living in South Florida _ and elsewhere in the United States _ send $ 1 billion a year in remittances back to their families on the island . ` ` Although many families are still divided by politics , they have learned to forgive and forget and find common ground . ' ' The branches of the family regularly  talked by telephone and the Miami relatives went back to Cuba for several family reunions . Neither side would say what happened , but when Manuel returned to his house , he was so upset he felt heart palpitations and was taken to a hospital . But while Cuban exiles outside the courthouse cheered Lazaro and his family , their angry taunts seemed to shock Manuel . ` ` He wo n't let anyone intimidate him from doing what is in Elian 's best interests . ' ' To his credit , Lazaro Gonzalez has issued a statement asking Miami 's exiles to respect his brother 's opinions . ` ` The wounds of the problem will heal , ' ' he told the Los Angeles Times newspaper . 	answer: positive
event: The branches of the family regularly talked by telephone starts after the inflammatory rhetoric flying between Castro 's government and exile extremists in Miami story: It was a move that many see as courageous and principled , but others fear may be foolhardy . Elian should be with his father . ' But the family has overcome steep obstacles before . Of the nine brothers and sisters of Manuel 's generation , five have come to Miami , while three remain in Cuba and one has passed away . Her brother Delfin , who was imprisoned as an anti - Castro activist in the 1960s , followed in 1979 . By some estimates , the 700,000 Cubans living in South Florida _ and elsewhere in the United States _ send $ 1 billion a year in remittances back to their families on the island . ` ` Although many families are still divided by politics , they have learned to forgive and forget and find common ground . ' ' The branches of the family regularly  talked by telephone and the Miami relatives went back to Cuba for several family reunions . Neither side would say what happened , but when Manuel returned to his house , he was so upset he felt heart palpitations and was taken to a hospital . But while Cuban exiles outside the courthouse cheered Lazaro and his family , their angry taunts seemed to shock Manuel . ` ` He wo n't let anyone intimidate him from doing what is in Elian 's best interests . ' ' To his credit , Lazaro Gonzalez has issued a statement asking Miami 's exiles to respect his brother 's opinions . ` ` The wounds of the problem will heal , ' ' he told the Los Angeles Times newspaper . 	answer: negative
event: According to sources quoted by the Miami Herald Munero fled to Florida in June 1998 starts before The mother make the late - November trip story: Castro 's remarks to a conference of economists were aimed at those who say that Elian should remain in the United States because his mother sacrificed his life to take her to ` ` freedom , ' ' a vision he called a cliche . ` ` The mother was practically kidnapped along with the boy ' ' to  make the late - November trip , Castro said . The commemorations were similar to those held here annually for Marti , the revolutionary and poet who fought for Cuba 's independence from Spain in 1898 . The commemorations began early Friday morning , as tens of thousands of Cubans marched through Havana 's streets by torchlight . Similar events were held all day in the capital and across the island . For the past two months , Elian 's father has demanded that the boy be returned to him in Cuba , and the U.S. government has said that father and son should be reunited . Fla. Sister Jeanne O'Laughlin said after the meeting she thought Elian should stay in the United States . ` ` First Fruits of the Monstrousness , ' ' read the full - page editorial on the front of Friday 's edition of the Communist Party daily Granma . It offered more details and criticisms of the perceived treatment that Elian 's grandmothers , Mariela Quintana and Raquel Rodriguez , received from O'Laughlin , the Miami relatives and other anti - Castro Cubans during the encounter . In an interview with the Spanish language broadcast of CNN , Elian 's father also criticized how the meeting was handled . ' 	answer: positive
event: According to sources quoted by the Miami Herald Munero fled to Florida in June 1998 starts after The mother make the late - November trip story: Castro 's remarks to a conference of economists were aimed at those who say that Elian should remain in the United States because his mother sacrificed his life to take her to ` ` freedom , ' ' a vision he called a cliche . ` ` The mother was practically kidnapped along with the boy ' ' to  make the late - November trip , Castro said . The commemorations were similar to those held here annually for Marti , the revolutionary and poet who fought for Cuba 's independence from Spain in 1898 . The commemorations began early Friday morning , as tens of thousands of Cubans marched through Havana 's streets by torchlight . Similar events were held all day in the capital and across the island . For the past two months , Elian 's father has demanded that the boy be returned to him in Cuba , and the U.S. government has said that father and son should be reunited . Fla. Sister Jeanne O'Laughlin said after the meeting she thought Elian should stay in the United States . ` ` First Fruits of the Monstrousness , ' ' read the full - page editorial on the front of Friday 's edition of the Communist Party daily Granma . It offered more details and criticisms of the perceived treatment that Elian 's grandmothers , Mariela Quintana and Raquel Rodriguez , received from O'Laughlin , the Miami relatives and other anti - Castro Cubans during the encounter . In an interview with the Spanish language broadcast of CNN , Elian 's father also criticized how the meeting was handled . ' 	answer: negative
event: aides holding their breaths starts before the noose tightening around my neck story: Sununu was told Wednesday by Bush 's son , George , that he had alienated members of the Cabinet , the White House staff and the Republican political community , creating a situation that puts his effectiveness in significant doubt , the sources said . The message to the chief of staff was meant to be taken as a suggestion that Sununu offer to resign , one highly placed source said . Instead , Sununu sought to prove to the president that his supporters outnumber his critics and that he should remain in his post . One senior official Monday described the White House as " a collection of small groups of aides  holding their breaths , " waiting to see whether Sununu survives . One GOP source , reporting on a call from the chief of staff to a Republican leader , said Sununu lamented that " the noose is  tightening around my neck , and I need your help . " Another highly placed source said the president 's son met with Sununu last week after holding a series of conversations about the structure of the White House staff and of the campaign with other Bush loyalists and GOP activists . The source said the younger Bush " sketched out for Sununu " problems the president is encountering because of the chief of staff 's tenure . " That , the source said , was when Sununu started calling congressional Republicans and asking them to tell Bush that the conservative wing of the party , in particular , would object if he were fired . 	answer: positive
event: aides holding their breaths starts after the noose tightening around my neck story: Sununu was told Wednesday by Bush 's son , George , that he had alienated members of the Cabinet , the White House staff and the Republican political community , creating a situation that puts his effectiveness in significant doubt , the sources said . The message to the chief of staff was meant to be taken as a suggestion that Sununu offer to resign , one highly placed source said . Instead , Sununu sought to prove to the president that his supporters outnumber his critics and that he should remain in his post . One senior official Monday described the White House as " a collection of small groups of aides  holding their breaths , " waiting to see whether Sununu survives . One GOP source , reporting on a call from the chief of staff to a Republican leader , said Sununu lamented that " the noose is  tightening around my neck , and I need your help . " Another highly placed source said the president 's son met with Sununu last week after holding a series of conversations about the structure of the White House staff and of the campaign with other Bush loyalists and GOP activists . The source said the younger Bush " sketched out for Sununu " problems the president is encountering because of the chief of staff 's tenure . " That , the source said , was when Sununu started calling congressional Republicans and asking them to tell Bush that the conservative wing of the party , in particular , would object if he were fired . 	answer: negative
event: Anheuser 's announcement means " everybody else in the industry is going to have a difficult time reaching their profit objectives starts before Prudential - Bache Securities Inc. analyst George E. Thompson downplayed the importance of the announcement story: Adolph Coors Co. " have been following a policy of continuous and deep discounting for at least the past 18 months " on their premium brands , pricing their product as much as 25 cents a 12-pack below Anheuser 's Budweiser label in many markets . Third - period sales were $ 2.49 billion , up from last year 's $ 2.34 billion . Anheuser said its new strategy -- started in some markets last month and expected to be applied soon in selected markets nationwide -- will mean lower - than - anticipated earnings for the last half of 1989 and for 1990 . Anheuser said it continues to hold to its earlier - announced goal of a 50 % U.S. market share by the mid-1990s . Harris Upham amp Co. " It 's going to get bloody . " Jerry Steinman , publisher of Beer Marketers Insights , a trade newsletter , said Anheuser 's announcement  means " everybody else in the industry is going to have a difficult time reaching their profit objectives . Prudential - Bache Securities Inc. analyst George E. Thompson  downplayed the importance of the announcement , and called any comparison between the coming beer - industry tiff and the seemingly unending " cola wars , " unwarranted . Mr. Thompson noted that the disappointing earnings , which fell five cents a share short of his own projections , contributed to the sell - off by an edgy and currently unforgiving investing public . " While the third - quarter earnings were a " moderate disappointment , " he said , " the real bad news is the intensity of price competition " in the premium - beer sector . 	answer: positive
event: Anheuser 's announcement means " everybody else in the industry is going to have a difficult time reaching their profit objectives starts after Prudential - Bache Securities Inc. analyst George E. Thompson downplayed the importance of the announcement story: Adolph Coors Co. " have been following a policy of continuous and deep discounting for at least the past 18 months " on their premium brands , pricing their product as much as 25 cents a 12-pack below Anheuser 's Budweiser label in many markets . Third - period sales were $ 2.49 billion , up from last year 's $ 2.34 billion . Anheuser said its new strategy -- started in some markets last month and expected to be applied soon in selected markets nationwide -- will mean lower - than - anticipated earnings for the last half of 1989 and for 1990 . Anheuser said it continues to hold to its earlier - announced goal of a 50 % U.S. market share by the mid-1990s . Harris Upham amp Co. " It 's going to get bloody . " Jerry Steinman , publisher of Beer Marketers Insights , a trade newsletter , said Anheuser 's announcement  means " everybody else in the industry is going to have a difficult time reaching their profit objectives . Prudential - Bache Securities Inc. analyst George E. Thompson  downplayed the importance of the announcement , and called any comparison between the coming beer - industry tiff and the seemingly unending " cola wars , " unwarranted . Mr. Thompson noted that the disappointing earnings , which fell five cents a share short of his own projections , contributed to the sell - off by an edgy and currently unforgiving investing public . " While the third - quarter earnings were a " moderate disappointment , " he said , " the real bad news is the intensity of price competition " in the premium - beer sector . 	answer: negative
event: American attorneys -- and even American officials -- counseled against it starts before ` We have gotten the same message from U.S. officials -- in private -- several times that it is not advisable for this man to appear in U.S. territory said Alarcon story: Elian , the boy at the center of the international dispute , was found clinging to an inner tube Nov. 25 off the coast of Florida after his mother , stepfather and others died in a failed attempt to reach U.S. shores . Ricardo Alarcon , president of the National Assembly and Castro 's point man on U.S.-Cuban relations , told The Associated Press that Cuban authorities are frustrated by Reno 's failure to set a new deadline and the INS 's failure to enforce its decision . He said Cuba has not prohibited Gonzalez from going to Miami to retrieve Elian , American attorneys -- and even American officials -- have  counseled against it . The concern in Cuba always has been that if Gonzalez goes he will immediately become involved in political and legal problems that will prevent his speedy return . Elian 's paternal grandmother , Mariela , told reporters that she was willing to go to Miami to retrieve her grandson if it was assured to her that she could pick him up and return immediately to Cuba without become embroiled in legal or political problems . To get him . Rather than a clash between two governments , the dispute over Elian is a battle between Cubans of differing political views living on both sides of the Florida Straits . Reno allowed the extension of the deadline after rejecting a Florida state court order that Elian remain in Miami until March 6 to hear arguments by his American relatives . He and others who oppose the boy 's return to Cuba say that Elian 's mother died to give the boy freedom in the United States . 	answer: positive
event: American attorneys -- and even American officials -- counseled against it starts after ` We have gotten the same message from U.S. officials -- in private -- several times that it is not advisable for this man to appear in U.S. territory said Alarcon story: Elian , the boy at the center of the international dispute , was found clinging to an inner tube Nov. 25 off the coast of Florida after his mother , stepfather and others died in a failed attempt to reach U.S. shores . Ricardo Alarcon , president of the National Assembly and Castro 's point man on U.S.-Cuban relations , told The Associated Press that Cuban authorities are frustrated by Reno 's failure to set a new deadline and the INS 's failure to enforce its decision . He said Cuba has not prohibited Gonzalez from going to Miami to retrieve Elian , American attorneys -- and even American officials -- have  counseled against it . The concern in Cuba always has been that if Gonzalez goes he will immediately become involved in political and legal problems that will prevent his speedy return . Elian 's paternal grandmother , Mariela , told reporters that she was willing to go to Miami to retrieve her grandson if it was assured to her that she could pick him up and return immediately to Cuba without become embroiled in legal or political problems . To get him . Rather than a clash between two governments , the dispute over Elian is a battle between Cubans of differing political views living on both sides of the Florida Straits . Reno allowed the extension of the deadline after rejecting a Florida state court order that Elian remain in Miami until March 6 to hear arguments by his American relatives . He and others who oppose the boy 's return to Cuba say that Elian 's mother died to give the boy freedom in the United States . 	answer: negative
event: The way they abusing him starts after he suffered in the sea story: The 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Atlanta has been asked by the U.S. government to suspend a ruling by one of its judges that prevents the removal of Elian from the country . Such a decision would allow the U.S. government to push for the 6-year - old boy 's swift reunion in Washington with his waiting father , Juan Miguel Gonzalez , who wants to return to Cuba . There was growing apprehension outside the Little Havana home where the boy has lived with his great - uncle for nearly five months . ' ' The Clinton administration has pushed for the boy 's return to his father , ruling only he can speak for his son on immigration matters . The relatives want the court to let them meet with Elian 's father without being required to surrender the boy . This is child abuse and mistreatment , what they 're doing to this boy , ' ' Gonzalez said on CBS 's ' ' 60 Minutes . ' ' ' ' Protesters , however , dismissed Juan Miguel 's comments as either selfish or the words of Fidel Castro . ' ' Fidel Castro is claiming the son , not him , ' ' said Olga Coto , 56 , of Miami . ' ' He 's being manipulated totally by Fidel Castro . 	answer: positive
event: The way they abusing him starts before he suffered in the sea story: The 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Atlanta has been asked by the U.S. government to suspend a ruling by one of its judges that prevents the removal of Elian from the country . Such a decision would allow the U.S. government to push for the 6-year - old boy 's swift reunion in Washington with his waiting father , Juan Miguel Gonzalez , who wants to return to Cuba . There was growing apprehension outside the Little Havana home where the boy has lived with his great - uncle for nearly five months . ' ' The Clinton administration has pushed for the boy 's return to his father , ruling only he can speak for his son on immigration matters . The relatives want the court to let them meet with Elian 's father without being required to surrender the boy . This is child abuse and mistreatment , what they 're doing to this boy , ' ' Gonzalez said on CBS 's ' ' 60 Minutes . ' ' ' ' Protesters , however , dismissed Juan Miguel 's comments as either selfish or the words of Fidel Castro . ' ' Fidel Castro is claiming the son , not him , ' ' said Olga Coto , 56 , of Miami . ' ' He 's being manipulated totally by Fidel Castro . 	answer: negative
event: profits squeezed in 1989 mainly as a result of higher raw - material costs starts before Although profits were " squeezed " in 1989 , mainly as a result of higher raw - material costs the company said it is confident about future earnings and cash flow for 1990 and beyond story: CAMBREX Corp. , Bayonne , N.J. , declared its initial quarterly of five cents a share , payable Dec. 1 to stock of record Nov. 10 . The maker of specialty chemicals has about 5.9 million shares outstanding . The company said the move recognizes its strong financial position . Although profits were "  squeezed " in 1989 , mainly as a result of higher raw - material costs , the company  said it is confident about future earnings and cash flow for 1990 and beyond . In national over - the - counter trading yesterday , Cambrex shares rose 50 cents to close at $ 13 a share . 	answer: positive
event: profits squeezed in 1989 mainly as a result of higher raw - material costs starts after Although profits were " squeezed " in 1989 , mainly as a result of higher raw - material costs the company said it is confident about future earnings and cash flow for 1990 and beyond story: CAMBREX Corp. , Bayonne , N.J. , declared its initial quarterly of five cents a share , payable Dec. 1 to stock of record Nov. 10 . The maker of specialty chemicals has about 5.9 million shares outstanding . The company said the move recognizes its strong financial position . Although profits were "  squeezed " in 1989 , mainly as a result of higher raw - material costs , the company  said it is confident about future earnings and cash flow for 1990 and beyond . In national over - the - counter trading yesterday , Cambrex shares rose 50 cents to close at $ 13 a share . 	answer: negative
event: their joint statement issued after the talks starts after In their joint statement issued after the talks Yeltsin and Kuchma called for the fastest possible ratification of the treaty saying it would create a ` ` strong legal foundation ' ' for bilateral ties and help stability in Europe story: _ Presidents Leonid Kuchma of Ukraine and Boris Yeltsin of Russia signed an economic cooperation plan Friday , and Yeltsin claimed they resolved even more nagging problems . Yeltsin was quoted as saying by the ITAR - Tass news agency . We have solved them all . ' ' Their solution would require a compromise between the two nations ' parliaments . A major dispute concerns a broad political treaty calling for border demarcation , which the two presidents signed last May. In effect , the treaty amounts to Russian recognition of Ukraine 's sovereignty and borders , and the Ukrainian parliament has already ratified it . However , Russia has stalled ratification , trying to tie it to an agreement that would permit the Russian navy to use a naval base on Ukraine 's Crimean peninsula for at least 20 more years . The Russian leadership has staunchly opposed the western alliance 's expansion into Eastern Europe . In their joint statement , released by the Kremlin , the two leaders also pledged to consult each other regularly on their approaches to relations with NATO and , in particular , their action within the framework of NATO 's Partnership for Peace program . In the past , Russia has often claimed that Ukraine was undermining efforts at closer cooperation within the CIS . The two presidents on Friday signed the plan , which calls for cooperation in the metallurgy , fuel , energy , aircraft building , missile , space and chemical industries . The program also calls for coordination of economic reforms and joint improvement of social programs in the two countries , where many people have become impoverished during the chaotic post - Soviet transition to capitalism . 	answer: positive
event: their joint statement issued after the talks starts before In their joint statement issued after the talks Yeltsin and Kuchma called for the fastest possible ratification of the treaty saying it would create a ` ` strong legal foundation ' ' for bilateral ties and help stability in Europe story: _ Presidents Leonid Kuchma of Ukraine and Boris Yeltsin of Russia signed an economic cooperation plan Friday , and Yeltsin claimed they resolved even more nagging problems . Yeltsin was quoted as saying by the ITAR - Tass news agency . We have solved them all . ' ' Their solution would require a compromise between the two nations ' parliaments . A major dispute concerns a broad political treaty calling for border demarcation , which the two presidents signed last May. In effect , the treaty amounts to Russian recognition of Ukraine 's sovereignty and borders , and the Ukrainian parliament has already ratified it . However , Russia has stalled ratification , trying to tie it to an agreement that would permit the Russian navy to use a naval base on Ukraine 's Crimean peninsula for at least 20 more years . The Russian leadership has staunchly opposed the western alliance 's expansion into Eastern Europe . In their joint statement , released by the Kremlin , the two leaders also pledged to consult each other regularly on their approaches to relations with NATO and , in particular , their action within the framework of NATO 's Partnership for Peace program . In the past , Russia has often claimed that Ukraine was undermining efforts at closer cooperation within the CIS . The two presidents on Friday signed the plan , which calls for cooperation in the metallurgy , fuel , energy , aircraft building , missile , space and chemical industries . The program also calls for coordination of economic reforms and joint improvement of social programs in the two countries , where many people have become impoverished during the chaotic post - Soviet transition to capitalism . 	answer: negative
event: two former Libyan intelligence agents charged in the Dec. 21 , 1988 , bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 that killed 259 people on the plane and 11 on the ground in Lockerbie , Scotland starts before Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi agreed in April to hand them over for trial in the Netherlands , a neutral venue story: The Aug. 7 , 1998 , bombings killed more than 200 people , including 12 Americans . It is the largest reward the government has ever offered for a fugitive . A total of $ 650,000 , meanwhile , is being offered for information leading to the arrest of Kopp , who is charged with gunning down Dr. Barnett Slepian last fall in his home in Buffalo , N.Y. Slepian provided legal abortions in western New York state . The standard $ 50,000 reward for information leading to a listed fugitive 's capture comes on top of a $ 500,000 reward announced earlier by Attorney General Janet Reno , plus a $ 100,000 award offered previously by the FBI . Reno said Bin Laden and Kopp have one thing in common They also have in common locations unknown to the authorities . Kopp , meanwhile , may have approached the border with Mexico , but it is unknown whether he crossed into that country , said Freeh . State Department international security director Dave Carpenter said that placing Bin Laden on the most - wanted list ` ` underscores the unwavering commitment ' ' by the United States ` ` to fight terrorism . ' The FBI continues to receive threats from individuals and organizations with ties to Bin Laden , Freeh said . Six suspects in the Bin Laden investigation are known to be in custody in the Metropolitan Correctional Center in New York . The FBI says Bin Laden is the leader of a terrorist organization known as Al - Aqeda , ` ` The Base . ' ' Prior to the Slepian 's shooting , Kopp had traveled the country and world , authorities said . 	answer: positive
event: two former Libyan intelligence agents charged in the Dec. 21 , 1988 , bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 that killed 259 people on the plane and 11 on the ground in Lockerbie , Scotland starts after Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi agreed in April to hand them over for trial in the Netherlands , a neutral venue story: The Aug. 7 , 1998 , bombings killed more than 200 people , including 12 Americans . It is the largest reward the government has ever offered for a fugitive . A total of $ 650,000 , meanwhile , is being offered for information leading to the arrest of Kopp , who is charged with gunning down Dr. Barnett Slepian last fall in his home in Buffalo , N.Y. Slepian provided legal abortions in western New York state . The standard $ 50,000 reward for information leading to a listed fugitive 's capture comes on top of a $ 500,000 reward announced earlier by Attorney General Janet Reno , plus a $ 100,000 award offered previously by the FBI . Reno said Bin Laden and Kopp have one thing in common They also have in common locations unknown to the authorities . Kopp , meanwhile , may have approached the border with Mexico , but it is unknown whether he crossed into that country , said Freeh . State Department international security director Dave Carpenter said that placing Bin Laden on the most - wanted list ` ` underscores the unwavering commitment ' ' by the United States ` ` to fight terrorism . ' The FBI continues to receive threats from individuals and organizations with ties to Bin Laden , Freeh said . Six suspects in the Bin Laden investigation are known to be in custody in the Metropolitan Correctional Center in New York . The FBI says Bin Laden is the leader of a terrorist organization known as Al - Aqeda , ` ` The Base . ' ' Prior to the Slepian 's shooting , Kopp had traveled the country and world , authorities said . 	answer: negative
event: Even as Saddam Hussein was searching for a ploy to ease his isolation though the international pressure against him clicked up another notch starts before the U.S. and other nations stopping ships carrying Iraqi goods story: " Though they insist they are n't trying to lure Saddam Hussein into an attack , officials hope that if he strikes again , the U.S. and its allies will have such an impressive force in place in Saudi Arabia that they will be able to crush him in retaliation . Iraq 's first option , of course , may be simply to sit tight and hope it can endure a trade embargo longer than the West can live without Iraqi and Kuwaiti oil . Speaking on the ABC program , Abdul Amir al - Anbari , Iraq 's ambassador to the U.N. , asserted that an embargo on Iraq could plunge the U.S. into a " depression " and the rest of the world into an economic " crisis . " American strategists are calculating , though , that the trade sanctions -- enforced by an effective though perhaps undeclared naval blockade -- will hold tightly enough to convince Iraq that it will lose in the long run by simply standing pat . Iraq could start hostilities with Israel either through a direct attack or by attacking Jordan . " The biggest worry is that if he decides he needs a way out of his predicament but does n't see a face - saving method , he could lash out in dangerous and unpredictable ways . Pentagon officials say the goal is to put 40,000 troops in the region by the end of the month . And the U.S. is taking similar steps to ensure that its naval force is adequate to carry out a blockade of Iraq and support a war if necessary . --- 	answer: positive
event: Even as Saddam Hussein was searching for a ploy to ease his isolation though the international pressure against him clicked up another notch starts after the U.S. and other nations stopping ships carrying Iraqi goods story: " Though they insist they are n't trying to lure Saddam Hussein into an attack , officials hope that if he strikes again , the U.S. and its allies will have such an impressive force in place in Saudi Arabia that they will be able to crush him in retaliation . Iraq 's first option , of course , may be simply to sit tight and hope it can endure a trade embargo longer than the West can live without Iraqi and Kuwaiti oil . Speaking on the ABC program , Abdul Amir al - Anbari , Iraq 's ambassador to the U.N. , asserted that an embargo on Iraq could plunge the U.S. into a " depression " and the rest of the world into an economic " crisis . " American strategists are calculating , though , that the trade sanctions -- enforced by an effective though perhaps undeclared naval blockade -- will hold tightly enough to convince Iraq that it will lose in the long run by simply standing pat . Iraq could start hostilities with Israel either through a direct attack or by attacking Jordan . " The biggest worry is that if he decides he needs a way out of his predicament but does n't see a face - saving method , he could lash out in dangerous and unpredictable ways . Pentagon officials say the goal is to put 40,000 troops in the region by the end of the month . And the U.S. is taking similar steps to ensure that its naval force is adequate to carry out a blockade of Iraq and support a war if necessary . --- 	answer: negative
event: two strangled starts before the task - force investigation just getting under way story: NEWARK , N.J. _ A new Essex County task force began delving Thursday into the slayings of 14 black women over the last five years in the Newark area , as law - enforcement officials acknowledged that they needed to work harder to solve the cases of murdered women . The police and prosecutors said they had identified different suspects in six of the cases and had yet to find any pattern linking the killings or the victims , several of whom were believed to be prostitutes . State , county and local law - enforcement officials have expressed concerns in recent months about a possible pattern of murdered women and a disproportionate number of unsolved cases . Citing an example , Sgt . But over all , arrests were made in more than 60 percent of murder cases , he said . Eight of the 14 killings since 1993 were already under investigation by the Newark Police Department , Glenn said . Of the eight victims , three were stabbed , two were  strangled , two were beaten to death and one was asphyxiated , he said , and these different methods of killing and other evidence seem to indicate that the eight cases are not related . But with the task - force investigation just  getting under way , officials have been careful not to draw any firm conclusions , leaving open the possibility of a serial killer in some of the cases . ` ` I have n't seen a pattern yet , '' said Patricia Hurt , the Essex County prosecutor , who created the task force on Tuesday . ` ` The type of lifestyle these women have is extremely dangerous , ' ' she said . 	answer: positive
event: two strangled starts after the task - force investigation just getting under way story: NEWARK , N.J. _ A new Essex County task force began delving Thursday into the slayings of 14 black women over the last five years in the Newark area , as law - enforcement officials acknowledged that they needed to work harder to solve the cases of murdered women . The police and prosecutors said they had identified different suspects in six of the cases and had yet to find any pattern linking the killings or the victims , several of whom were believed to be prostitutes . State , county and local law - enforcement officials have expressed concerns in recent months about a possible pattern of murdered women and a disproportionate number of unsolved cases . Citing an example , Sgt . But over all , arrests were made in more than 60 percent of murder cases , he said . Eight of the 14 killings since 1993 were already under investigation by the Newark Police Department , Glenn said . Of the eight victims , three were stabbed , two were  strangled , two were beaten to death and one was asphyxiated , he said , and these different methods of killing and other evidence seem to indicate that the eight cases are not related . But with the task - force investigation just  getting under way , officials have been careful not to draw any firm conclusions , leaving open the possibility of a serial killer in some of the cases . ` ` I have n't seen a pattern yet , '' said Patricia Hurt , the Essex County prosecutor , who created the task force on Tuesday . ` ` The type of lifestyle these women have is extremely dangerous , ' ' she said . 	answer: negative
event: On Wednesday Ricardo Alarcon , head of Cuba 's National Assembly and Castro 's key man for U.S.-Cuban relations , said the convictions prove the homes of those uncles are no place for Elian starts after the convictions prove the homes of those uncles are no place for Elian story: The Justice Department is reviewing whether alcohol - related driving violations or other actions by Elian Gonzalez ' relatives in Miami warrant moving the 6-year - old boy to a different , temporary custodian . Both great - uncles live in Miami . Juan Miguel Gonzalez objected to the media access to Elian that Lazaro Gonzalez 's family has permitted and to the treatment of Elian by psychologists selected by Lazaro Gonzalez 's family . Meantime , the possibility of a meeting between Attorney General Janet Reno and Lazaro Gonzalez 's family reemerged Thursday . Later Thursday , two of Elian 's Miami cousins sought support on Capitol Hill for legislation that would help keep the boy in America . My family is a very close family , ' ' she said . ` ` He wanted to reunite with his son -- but not in Cuba , ' ' Cid said . A group of Florida lawmakers introduced legislation this month to grant Elian American citizenship , which would take the decision about Elian 's future away from INS and give it to a Florida family court . Support for the bill has been waning . Speaker after speaker denounced the United States and extolled the virtues of Cuba 's communist revolution . Records also show Lazaro Gonzalez 's 62-year - old brother , Delfin Gonzalez , has been found guilty at least twice of driving under the influence . ` ` Practically everyone surrounding him either has been , or may be in the future , joining the prison system in the U.S. Elian 's relatives and other Miami supporters say his mother died to give him freedom . 	answer: positive
event: On Wednesday Ricardo Alarcon , head of Cuba 's National Assembly and Castro 's key man for U.S.-Cuban relations , said the convictions prove the homes of those uncles are no place for Elian starts before the convictions prove the homes of those uncles are no place for Elian story: The Justice Department is reviewing whether alcohol - related driving violations or other actions by Elian Gonzalez ' relatives in Miami warrant moving the 6-year - old boy to a different , temporary custodian . Both great - uncles live in Miami . Juan Miguel Gonzalez objected to the media access to Elian that Lazaro Gonzalez 's family has permitted and to the treatment of Elian by psychologists selected by Lazaro Gonzalez 's family . Meantime , the possibility of a meeting between Attorney General Janet Reno and Lazaro Gonzalez 's family reemerged Thursday . Later Thursday , two of Elian 's Miami cousins sought support on Capitol Hill for legislation that would help keep the boy in America . My family is a very close family , ' ' she said . ` ` He wanted to reunite with his son -- but not in Cuba , ' ' Cid said . A group of Florida lawmakers introduced legislation this month to grant Elian American citizenship , which would take the decision about Elian 's future away from INS and give it to a Florida family court . Support for the bill has been waning . Speaker after speaker denounced the United States and extolled the virtues of Cuba 's communist revolution . Records also show Lazaro Gonzalez 's 62-year - old brother , Delfin Gonzalez , has been found guilty at least twice of driving under the influence . ` ` Practically everyone surrounding him either has been , or may be in the future , joining the prison system in the U.S. Elian 's relatives and other Miami supporters say his mother died to give him freedom . 	answer: negative
event: he eating fast food here starts before the Cuban - Americans ` need to follow the law story: It is a Communist plot hatched by the hated dictator , Fidel Castro , they say . ` ` But it is Cuba . Juan Miguel Gonzalez in the United States , ' ' said Robert Wallis , INS director for the Miami district . But that standoff became less important in the eyes of Cuban Americans here after Castro announced Wednesday that the boy 's father , Juan Miguel Gonzalez , is ready to travel to the United States to take his son home . Castro has suggested that Elian and his relatives stay at the residence of Cuba 's chief diplomat in Washington . ` ` He 's coming with an entire court of people ? Miranda said Elian 's father will be ` ` a virtual prisoner here if he comes with all those people . ` ` If in fact , Elian 's father is permitted by the dictatorship of Fidel Castro to come to the United States , then , as a Cuban American , I welcome him and urge him to make all his decisions based on the well being and best interest of his son , and not that of the Cuban government , ' ' Estefan said . Among non - Cuban Americans , there was a drastic shift in their feelings on the case . Some people are born rich , some people are born poor . What about all the other poor kids in South and Central America ? ' ' Not all Cuban - Americans insist that Elian be allowed to stay . 	answer: positive
event: he eating fast food here starts after the Cuban - Americans ` need to follow the law story: It is a Communist plot hatched by the hated dictator , Fidel Castro , they say . ` ` But it is Cuba . Juan Miguel Gonzalez in the United States , ' ' said Robert Wallis , INS director for the Miami district . But that standoff became less important in the eyes of Cuban Americans here after Castro announced Wednesday that the boy 's father , Juan Miguel Gonzalez , is ready to travel to the United States to take his son home . Castro has suggested that Elian and his relatives stay at the residence of Cuba 's chief diplomat in Washington . ` ` He 's coming with an entire court of people ? Miranda said Elian 's father will be ` ` a virtual prisoner here if he comes with all those people . ` ` If in fact , Elian 's father is permitted by the dictatorship of Fidel Castro to come to the United States , then , as a Cuban American , I welcome him and urge him to make all his decisions based on the well being and best interest of his son , and not that of the Cuban government , ' ' Estefan said . Among non - Cuban Americans , there was a drastic shift in their feelings on the case . Some people are born rich , some people are born poor . What about all the other poor kids in South and Central America ? ' ' Not all Cuban - Americans insist that Elian be allowed to stay . 	answer: negative
event: The real culprits they said are computer makers such as IBM that have jumped the gun to unveil 486-based products starts after some announced early availability story: Intel Corp. 's most powerful computer chip has flaws that could delay several computer makers ' marketing efforts , but the " bugs " are n't expected to hurt Intel and most computer makers . Bugs like this are just a normal part of product development , " said Richard Archuleta , director of Hewlett - Packard Co. 's advanced systems development . Hewlett announced last week that it planned to ship a computer based on the 486 chip early next year . " These bugs do n't affect our schedule at all , " he said . We have n't modified our schedules in any way , " said a Sun spokesman . Nonetheless , concern about the chip may have been responsible for a decline of 87.5 cents in Intel 's stock to $ 32 a share yesterday in over - the - counter trading , on volume of 3,609,800 shares , and partly responsible for a drop in Compaq 's stock in New York Stock Exchange composite trading on Wednesday . Most of Compaq 's decline is being attributed to a third - quarter earnings report that came in at the low end of analysts ' expectations . We should not be seeing any more , " said Bill Rash , Intel 's director for the 486 chip . The problem is being ballyhooed , experts say , because the 486 is Intel 's future flagship . Intel clocks the chip 's speed at 15 million instructions per second , or MIPs . That 's what will keep computer makers coming in spite of the irritation of bugs . 	answer: positive
event: The real culprits they said are computer makers such as IBM that have jumped the gun to unveil 486-based products starts before some announced early availability story: Intel Corp. 's most powerful computer chip has flaws that could delay several computer makers ' marketing efforts , but the " bugs " are n't expected to hurt Intel and most computer makers . Bugs like this are just a normal part of product development , " said Richard Archuleta , director of Hewlett - Packard Co. 's advanced systems development . Hewlett announced last week that it planned to ship a computer based on the 486 chip early next year . " These bugs do n't affect our schedule at all , " he said . We have n't modified our schedules in any way , " said a Sun spokesman . Nonetheless , concern about the chip may have been responsible for a decline of 87.5 cents in Intel 's stock to $ 32 a share yesterday in over - the - counter trading , on volume of 3,609,800 shares , and partly responsible for a drop in Compaq 's stock in New York Stock Exchange composite trading on Wednesday . Most of Compaq 's decline is being attributed to a third - quarter earnings report that came in at the low end of analysts ' expectations . We should not be seeing any more , " said Bill Rash , Intel 's director for the 486 chip . The problem is being ballyhooed , experts say , because the 486 is Intel 's future flagship . Intel clocks the chip 's speed at 15 million instructions per second , or MIPs . That 's what will keep computer makers coming in spite of the irritation of bugs . 	answer: negative
event: On Sunday Tanzanian police and FBI agents said they had made ` ` extraordinary discoveries , ' ' having determined what the Dar es Salaam bomb was made of and who carried it to the embassy starts before They refused to provide details story: DAR ES SALAAM , Tanzania ( AP ) _ Tanzania expelled five Iraqis and a Libyan who were questioned by the FBI and police in connection of the bombing of two U.S. embassies in East Africa last month , a newspaper reported Friday . Five Iraqis , whose names were not disclosed , also were deported , the newspaper said . It gave no reason for the expulsions and Tanzania 's criminal investigation and immigration departments could not be reached for comment . Nearly simultaneous bombings at U.S. embassies in Dar es Salaam , Tanzania , and Nairobi , Kenya , on Aug. 7 killed 258 people , including 12 Americans , and injured more than 5,500 people . Of those killed , 11 were killed in Tanzania . Two key suspects in the Kenya bombing have been handed over to the United States for trial . American authorities allege the attacks were plotted by Saudi terrorist Osama bin Laden . They  refused to provide details . Media reports in Tanzania have said the ingredients for the bombs had originated in the Middle East and were transferred by sea via the Comoro Islands to Tanzania . Reports in Kenya said the components of the bomb that exploded in Nairobi were transported by road from Tanzania to Kenya . The East African nations share a long and mostly unguarded border . On Sept. 2 , police in the Comoros archipelago , off the Tanzanian coast , raided two homes and searched for a suspect in the bombings identified as Abdallah Mohammed Fadhul , a Comorian Muslim who had lived with his wife in Sudan until shortly after the bombings . 	answer: positive
event: On Sunday Tanzanian police and FBI agents said they had made ` ` extraordinary discoveries , ' ' having determined what the Dar es Salaam bomb was made of and who carried it to the embassy starts after They refused to provide details story: DAR ES SALAAM , Tanzania ( AP ) _ Tanzania expelled five Iraqis and a Libyan who were questioned by the FBI and police in connection of the bombing of two U.S. embassies in East Africa last month , a newspaper reported Friday . Five Iraqis , whose names were not disclosed , also were deported , the newspaper said . It gave no reason for the expulsions and Tanzania 's criminal investigation and immigration departments could not be reached for comment . Nearly simultaneous bombings at U.S. embassies in Dar es Salaam , Tanzania , and Nairobi , Kenya , on Aug. 7 killed 258 people , including 12 Americans , and injured more than 5,500 people . Of those killed , 11 were killed in Tanzania . Two key suspects in the Kenya bombing have been handed over to the United States for trial . American authorities allege the attacks were plotted by Saudi terrorist Osama bin Laden . They  refused to provide details . Media reports in Tanzania have said the ingredients for the bombs had originated in the Middle East and were transferred by sea via the Comoro Islands to Tanzania . Reports in Kenya said the components of the bomb that exploded in Nairobi were transported by road from Tanzania to Kenya . The East African nations share a long and mostly unguarded border . On Sept. 2 , police in the Comoros archipelago , off the Tanzanian coast , raided two homes and searched for a suspect in the bombings identified as Abdallah Mohammed Fadhul , a Comorian Muslim who had lived with his wife in Sudan until shortly after the bombings . 	answer: negative
event: the stock market closed Wednesday starts before Later yesterday the nation 's major auto makers added to the gloom when they each reported their core auto operations were net losers in the third quarter story: The dollar rose modestly against the mark and the yen , but soared against the pound following the resignation of Britain 's chancellor of the Exchequer , Nigel Lawson . Analysts have complained that third - quarter corporate earnings have n't been very good , but the effect hit home particularly hard yesterday . Compaq Computer nose - dived $ 8.625 a share , to $ 100 , and pulled other technology issues lower after reporting lower - than - expected earnings after the stock market  closed Wednesday . Later yesterday the nation 's major auto makers  added to the gloom when they each reported their core auto operations were net losers in the third quarter . The less - than - robust third - quarter results came amid renewed concern about the volatility of stock prices and the role of computer - aided program trading . Taken together , the worries prompted a broad sell - off of stocks . The number of stocks on the New York Stock Exchange that fell in price yesterday exceeded 1,000 , a key measure of underlying sentiment among technical analysts . Although the government said the economy grew an estimated 2.5 % in the third quarter , in line with expectations , analysts are increasingly predicting much more sluggish growth -- and therefore more corporate earnings disappointments -- for the fourth quarter . " " The bond market was unmoved by the economic statistics . That is another small encouragement for the Federal Reserve to lower interest rates in coming weeks , they reasoned . Volume on the New York Stock Exchange totaled 175.2 million shares . In late New York trading the dollar was at 1.8400 marks and 142.10 yen compared with 1.8353 marks and 141.52 yen Wednesday . 	answer: positive
event: the stock market closed Wednesday starts after Later yesterday the nation 's major auto makers added to the gloom when they each reported their core auto operations were net losers in the third quarter story: The dollar rose modestly against the mark and the yen , but soared against the pound following the resignation of Britain 's chancellor of the Exchequer , Nigel Lawson . Analysts have complained that third - quarter corporate earnings have n't been very good , but the effect hit home particularly hard yesterday . Compaq Computer nose - dived $ 8.625 a share , to $ 100 , and pulled other technology issues lower after reporting lower - than - expected earnings after the stock market  closed Wednesday . Later yesterday the nation 's major auto makers  added to the gloom when they each reported their core auto operations were net losers in the third quarter . The less - than - robust third - quarter results came amid renewed concern about the volatility of stock prices and the role of computer - aided program trading . Taken together , the worries prompted a broad sell - off of stocks . The number of stocks on the New York Stock Exchange that fell in price yesterday exceeded 1,000 , a key measure of underlying sentiment among technical analysts . Although the government said the economy grew an estimated 2.5 % in the third quarter , in line with expectations , analysts are increasingly predicting much more sluggish growth -- and therefore more corporate earnings disappointments -- for the fourth quarter . " " The bond market was unmoved by the economic statistics . That is another small encouragement for the Federal Reserve to lower interest rates in coming weeks , they reasoned . Volume on the New York Stock Exchange totaled 175.2 million shares . In late New York trading the dollar was at 1.8400 marks and 142.10 yen compared with 1.8353 marks and 141.52 yen Wednesday . 	answer: negative
event: Holder said that INS acted appropriately but ` ` now that we have this new information , we 'll have to look at it , and see , like I said , what steps if any are appropriate starts after I said story: Reno agreed to a meeting earlier this week , only to have Lazaro Gonzalez 's family withdraw the request . Another cousin , Georgina Cid , said Elian 's father had intended to flee Cuba himself , but was being coerced by the Castro government to stay and make certain statements . ` ` He wanted to reunite with his son -- but not in Cuba , ' ' She said she and other family members had spoken to Elian 's father by phone both before and after the mother perished . A group of Florida lawmakers introduced legislation this month to grant Elian American citizenship , which would take the decision about Elian 's future away from INS and give it to a Florida family court . Support for the bill has been waning . Speaker after speaker denounced the United States and extolled the virtues of Cuba 's communist revolution . The Immigration and Naturalization Service has ruled in favor of the father 's request that the boy be returned to him in Cuba , but that decision was put on hold while the Miami relatives battle in federal court to keep him in this country . Holder  said that INS acted appropriately but ` ` now that we have this new information , we 'll have to look at it , and see , like I  said , what steps if any are appropriate . ' ` ` Practically everyone surrounding him either has been , or may be in the future , joining the prison system in the U.S. ' Elian 's relatives and other Miami supporters say his mother died to give him freedom . 	answer: positive
event: Holder said that INS acted appropriately but ` ` now that we have this new information , we 'll have to look at it , and see , like I said , what steps if any are appropriate starts before I said story: Reno agreed to a meeting earlier this week , only to have Lazaro Gonzalez 's family withdraw the request . Another cousin , Georgina Cid , said Elian 's father had intended to flee Cuba himself , but was being coerced by the Castro government to stay and make certain statements . ` ` He wanted to reunite with his son -- but not in Cuba , ' ' She said she and other family members had spoken to Elian 's father by phone both before and after the mother perished . A group of Florida lawmakers introduced legislation this month to grant Elian American citizenship , which would take the decision about Elian 's future away from INS and give it to a Florida family court . Support for the bill has been waning . Speaker after speaker denounced the United States and extolled the virtues of Cuba 's communist revolution . The Immigration and Naturalization Service has ruled in favor of the father 's request that the boy be returned to him in Cuba , but that decision was put on hold while the Miami relatives battle in federal court to keep him in this country . Holder  said that INS acted appropriately but ` ` now that we have this new information , we 'll have to look at it , and see , like I  said , what steps if any are appropriate . ' ` ` Practically everyone surrounding him either has been , or may be in the future , joining the prison system in the U.S. ' Elian 's relatives and other Miami supporters say his mother died to give him freedom . 	answer: negative
event: His mother died trying to get Elian and herself to the United States starts after His mother trying to get Elian and herself to the United States story: HAVANA ( AP ) -- While an important step , the U.S. government decision to return 6-year - old Elian Gonzalez to Cuba does not guarantee that the boy will be repatriated , the communist leadership warned . ` ` Nothing is certain concerning his return to Cuba , ' ' said a government communique , read Wednesday night at a pro - Elian rally attended by President Fidel Castro . Cuban exiles in Miami will now ` ` proceed with all their resources to impede or delay ' ' the decision by the Immigration and Naturalization Service . The government exhorted citizens to keep up mass protests pressing for Elian 's return until the boy comes home . ` ` We can not stop mobilizing ! The struggle must not stop for one minute ! ' ' said the message , read during the rally of several thousand Cuban scientists by Hassan Perez , president of the government 's University Students Federation . Cuba appealed to world opinion , and American opinion in particular , to help prevent its enemies in Miami from trying to block the child 's return . Found clinging to an inner tube off the coast of Florida in late November , Elian has been the subject of an international custody battle . His mother  died  trying to get Elian and herself to the United States . The boy 's father , Juan Miguel Gonzalez , lives in Cuba and wants him back . But Elian 's relatives in Miami have fought to keep the boy permanently , saying they could provide him with a better life than he would have on the communist island . Gonzalez has not appeared publicly since the announcement . 	answer: positive
event: His mother died trying to get Elian and herself to the United States starts before His mother trying to get Elian and herself to the United States story: HAVANA ( AP ) -- While an important step , the U.S. government decision to return 6-year - old Elian Gonzalez to Cuba does not guarantee that the boy will be repatriated , the communist leadership warned . ` ` Nothing is certain concerning his return to Cuba , ' ' said a government communique , read Wednesday night at a pro - Elian rally attended by President Fidel Castro . Cuban exiles in Miami will now ` ` proceed with all their resources to impede or delay ' ' the decision by the Immigration and Naturalization Service . The government exhorted citizens to keep up mass protests pressing for Elian 's return until the boy comes home . ` ` We can not stop mobilizing ! The struggle must not stop for one minute ! ' ' said the message , read during the rally of several thousand Cuban scientists by Hassan Perez , president of the government 's University Students Federation . Cuba appealed to world opinion , and American opinion in particular , to help prevent its enemies in Miami from trying to block the child 's return . Found clinging to an inner tube off the coast of Florida in late November , Elian has been the subject of an international custody battle . His mother  died  trying to get Elian and herself to the United States . The boy 's father , Juan Miguel Gonzalez , lives in Cuba and wants him back . But Elian 's relatives in Miami have fought to keep the boy permanently , saying they could provide him with a better life than he would have on the communist island . Gonzalez has not appeared publicly since the announcement . 	answer: negative
event: growing apprehension starts after the Little Havana home where the boy lived with his great - uncle for nearly five months story: After a weekend of bitter accusations lobbed by both sides of the Elian Gonzalez custody battle , attention returned today to the federal judges deciding a key point in the international case . ' The court watch comes after one of the most bitter charges yet in the custody battle . Juan Miguel Gonzalez lashed out at his Miami relatives Sunday night , accusing them of ' ' child abuse ' ' for turning his son against him . he 's suffering more here amongst them than he suffered in the sea . ' ' Gonzalez said he did n't believe a much - publicized video taped at the relatives ' home in which his son said he did n't want to go . The Miami relatives are ` ` putting a bunch of toys in front of a 6-year - old . The one that decides for him is me , his father . ' ' Elian 's Miami relatives have filed affidavits alleging Gonzalez abused his former wife and his 6-year - old son , a charge Gonzalez denied . Protesters , however , dismissed Juan Miguel 's comments as either selfish or the words of Fidel Castro . ' ' Fidel Castro is claiming the son , not him , ' ' said Olga Coto , 56 , of Miami . ' ' Earlier Sunday , protesters prayed for divine help as Easter week began , waving palm fronds and posters of the Cuban boy and Jesus . Priests joined the crowd to offer a religious service . ' ' But we will follow in the path that the Lord has shown us , despite those who want to get in our way . ' ' 	answer: positive
event: growing apprehension starts before the Little Havana home where the boy lived with his great - uncle for nearly five months story: After a weekend of bitter accusations lobbed by both sides of the Elian Gonzalez custody battle , attention returned today to the federal judges deciding a key point in the international case . ' The court watch comes after one of the most bitter charges yet in the custody battle . Juan Miguel Gonzalez lashed out at his Miami relatives Sunday night , accusing them of ' ' child abuse ' ' for turning his son against him . he 's suffering more here amongst them than he suffered in the sea . ' ' Gonzalez said he did n't believe a much - publicized video taped at the relatives ' home in which his son said he did n't want to go . The Miami relatives are ` ` putting a bunch of toys in front of a 6-year - old . The one that decides for him is me , his father . ' ' Elian 's Miami relatives have filed affidavits alleging Gonzalez abused his former wife and his 6-year - old son , a charge Gonzalez denied . Protesters , however , dismissed Juan Miguel 's comments as either selfish or the words of Fidel Castro . ' ' Fidel Castro is claiming the son , not him , ' ' said Olga Coto , 56 , of Miami . ' ' Earlier Sunday , protesters prayed for divine help as Easter week began , waving palm fronds and posters of the Cuban boy and Jesus . Priests joined the crowd to offer a religious service . ' ' But we will follow in the path that the Lord has shown us , despite those who want to get in our way . ' ' 	answer: negative
event: While state - run television broadcast footage of Cuban exiles protesting in Miami against the repatriation of Elian Gonzalez the Cuban government urged its people to keep up their own demonstrations to ensure the boy 's return starts before The unusual airing of protests against President Fidel Castro warning Cuban citizens that South Florida exiles could still force the reversal of the U.S. government 's decision to return Gonzalez to Cuba story: HAVANA ( AP ) -- While state - run television broadcast footage of Cuban exiles protesting in Miami against the repatriation of Elian Gonzalez , the Cuban government  urged its people to keep up their own demonstrations to ensure the boy 's return . The unusual airing of protests against President Fidel Castro appeared aimed at  warning Cuban citizens that South Florida exiles could still force the reversal of the U.S. government 's decision to return Gonzalez to Cuba . For weeks the communist government has held such rallies almost daily . ` ` The case of Elian is for today 's youth what 40 years of the blockade , armed invasions , sabotage and attempts to kill President Fidel Castro were for earlier generations , ' ' said Cuban journalist Luis Baez , who has written several books about Cuban emigration to the United States . After the rally , state television showed the Cuban exiles in the streets of Miami -- some of them carrying signs demanding ` ` Freedom for Elian , ' ' the same battle cry regularly chanted during rallies on this side of the Florida Straits . ' Hundreds of Cuban - Americans chanting ` ` Liberty ! Liberty ! ' ' blocked intersections and cut off access to the Port of Miami . Rescued on Nov. 25 by fishermen off the Florida coast , Elian has become the subject of an international custody battle . But Elian 's relatives in Miami have fought to keep the boy , saying they could provide him with a better life . Gonzalez has not appeared publicly since the announcement . Neither he nor Elian 's four grandparents could be located in their hometown of Cardenas , east of Havana . 	answer: positive
event: While state - run television broadcast footage of Cuban exiles protesting in Miami against the repatriation of Elian Gonzalez the Cuban government urged its people to keep up their own demonstrations to ensure the boy 's return starts after The unusual airing of protests against President Fidel Castro warning Cuban citizens that South Florida exiles could still force the reversal of the U.S. government 's decision to return Gonzalez to Cuba story: HAVANA ( AP ) -- While state - run television broadcast footage of Cuban exiles protesting in Miami against the repatriation of Elian Gonzalez , the Cuban government  urged its people to keep up their own demonstrations to ensure the boy 's return . The unusual airing of protests against President Fidel Castro appeared aimed at  warning Cuban citizens that South Florida exiles could still force the reversal of the U.S. government 's decision to return Gonzalez to Cuba . For weeks the communist government has held such rallies almost daily . ` ` The case of Elian is for today 's youth what 40 years of the blockade , armed invasions , sabotage and attempts to kill President Fidel Castro were for earlier generations , ' ' said Cuban journalist Luis Baez , who has written several books about Cuban emigration to the United States . After the rally , state television showed the Cuban exiles in the streets of Miami -- some of them carrying signs demanding ` ` Freedom for Elian , ' ' the same battle cry regularly chanted during rallies on this side of the Florida Straits . ' Hundreds of Cuban - Americans chanting ` ` Liberty ! Liberty ! ' ' blocked intersections and cut off access to the Port of Miami . Rescued on Nov. 25 by fishermen off the Florida coast , Elian has become the subject of an international custody battle . But Elian 's relatives in Miami have fought to keep the boy , saying they could provide him with a better life . Gonzalez has not appeared publicly since the announcement . Neither he nor Elian 's four grandparents could be located in their hometown of Cardenas , east of Havana . 	answer: negative
event: A phony address listed on disclosure forms for a French donor will cost the far - right German People 's Union about 549,000 marks ( dlrs 305,000 ) starts after Parliamentary president Rita Suessmuth said the People 's Union correctly listed Jacques de Mathan as having donated about 274,500 marks in 1995 , but gave a false address for him story: BONN , Germany ( AP ) _ A phony address listed on disclosure forms for a French donor will  cost the far - right German People 's Union about 549,000 marks ( dlrs 305,000 ) , parliament said Friday . Parliamentary president Rita Suessmuth  said the People 's Union correctly listed Jacques de Mathan as having donated about 274,500 marks in 1995 , but gave a false address for him . German law requires parties to publish the name and address of anyone who donates more than 20,000 marks ( dlrs 11,000 ) . The anti - foreigner party said it wanted to protect the donor from possible attacks . Suessmuth said , however , that the law does not allow for providing a false address for any reason . The fine is twice the donation , as provided for under German party financing laws . Party spokesman Bernd Droese said the People 's Union would challenge the fine in court . The extremist party recently took a surprising 13 percent of the vote in elections in a depressed eastern German state , and hopes to win its first seats in the federal parliament this September . UR ( pfg - xx ) 	answer: positive
event: A phony address listed on disclosure forms for a French donor will cost the far - right German People 's Union about 549,000 marks ( dlrs 305,000 ) starts before Parliamentary president Rita Suessmuth said the People 's Union correctly listed Jacques de Mathan as having donated about 274,500 marks in 1995 , but gave a false address for him story: BONN , Germany ( AP ) _ A phony address listed on disclosure forms for a French donor will  cost the far - right German People 's Union about 549,000 marks ( dlrs 305,000 ) , parliament said Friday . Parliamentary president Rita Suessmuth  said the People 's Union correctly listed Jacques de Mathan as having donated about 274,500 marks in 1995 , but gave a false address for him . German law requires parties to publish the name and address of anyone who donates more than 20,000 marks ( dlrs 11,000 ) . The anti - foreigner party said it wanted to protect the donor from possible attacks . Suessmuth said , however , that the law does not allow for providing a false address for any reason . The fine is twice the donation , as provided for under German party financing laws . Party spokesman Bernd Droese said the People 's Union would challenge the fine in court . The extremist party recently took a surprising 13 percent of the vote in elections in a depressed eastern German state , and hopes to win its first seats in the federal parliament this September . UR ( pfg - xx ) 	answer: negative
event: a boy who just turned 6 starts before As a father and the grandfather of eight children -- including a boy who just turned 6 , the same age as Elian Castro said he sympathized with the little boy 's father , Juan Miguel Gonzalez story: HAVANA ( AP ) -- Tens of thousands of people paid tribute to the men who launched the Cuban Revolution more than four decades ago in a rally Saturday demanding the return of Elian Gonzalez . With the historic yacht Granma towering behind him , Raul Castro , younger brother of President Fidel Castro and head of Cuba 's Revolutionary Armed Forces , likened the revolutionary battle to the fight for Elian , the 6-year - old boy at the center of an international custody battle . ' ' The demonstrators , wearing T - shirts with Elian 's portrait , waved red , white and blue Cuban flags on the shore of the community of Niquero , where the Granma landed on Dec. 2 , 1956 , with 82 armed men led by Fidel Castro . In the years that followed , the guerrilla fighters waged war on the troops of dictator Fulgencio Batista , declaring victory on Jan. 1 , 1959 when Batista fled the country . Elian 's mother and 10 others perished when their boat sank off the coast of Florida in late November during a crossing from Cuba to the United States . ' ' Elian today is the symbol of our unity , ' ' And our struggle will not end with the return of Elian , ' ' added Castro . He said the Cuban people would continue to protest American laws and policies aimed at Cuba , including a four - decade economic embargo and continued U.S. military presence at the Guantanamo Naval Station on the easternmost end of the island . 	answer: positive
event: a boy who just turned 6 starts after As a father and the grandfather of eight children -- including a boy who just turned 6 , the same age as Elian Castro said he sympathized with the little boy 's father , Juan Miguel Gonzalez story: HAVANA ( AP ) -- Tens of thousands of people paid tribute to the men who launched the Cuban Revolution more than four decades ago in a rally Saturday demanding the return of Elian Gonzalez . With the historic yacht Granma towering behind him , Raul Castro , younger brother of President Fidel Castro and head of Cuba 's Revolutionary Armed Forces , likened the revolutionary battle to the fight for Elian , the 6-year - old boy at the center of an international custody battle . ' ' The demonstrators , wearing T - shirts with Elian 's portrait , waved red , white and blue Cuban flags on the shore of the community of Niquero , where the Granma landed on Dec. 2 , 1956 , with 82 armed men led by Fidel Castro . In the years that followed , the guerrilla fighters waged war on the troops of dictator Fulgencio Batista , declaring victory on Jan. 1 , 1959 when Batista fled the country . Elian 's mother and 10 others perished when their boat sank off the coast of Florida in late November during a crossing from Cuba to the United States . ' ' Elian today is the symbol of our unity , ' ' And our struggle will not end with the return of Elian , ' ' added Castro . He said the Cuban people would continue to protest American laws and policies aimed at Cuba , including a four - decade economic embargo and continued U.S. military presence at the Guantanamo Naval Station on the easternmost end of the island . 	answer: negative
event: Stocks leaving the index within 70 points of its record high set on Aug. 6 starts before prices pushing down the yield on the benchmark 30-year Treasury bond to 5.92 percent from 5.93 percent story: WASHINGTON With growing opportunities for work drawing more people into the labor force , the unemployment rate remained at 4.7 percent last month , just a notch above its quarter - century low . The demand for workers also led employers to raise wages again last month . Stocks rose , pushing the Dow Jones industrial average up 72.24 points , to 8,189.49 ,  leaving the index within 70 points of its record high set on Aug. 6 . In the bond market , a sensitive barometer of inflation anxiety , prices edged up ,  pushing down the yield on the benchmark 30-year Treasury bond to 5.92 percent from 5.93 percent . The job figures for January extended a surge in employment gains that began last fall , just when the labor market had showed signs of cooling . The surge in jobs reflects a remarkable confluence of positive and self - reinforcing economic forces . Long - term interest rates , an important indicator of economic stability , have fallen in the last few months . Lower rates have helped invigorate housing and other interest - sensitive sectors of the economy by making loans more affordable , and have allowed companies to continue investing heavily in more efficient equipment . The less money the government needs to borrow , the more is freed for private investment . President Clinton welcomed the job figures at a news conference Friday . And the weakness of the Asian economies is also likely to lead to decreased demand for American exports . The rate for adult women rose 0.4 percent , to 4.4 percent . Among high school graduates , the rate was 3.9 percent , and college graduates , 1.9 percent . 	answer: positive
event: Stocks leaving the index within 70 points of its record high set on Aug. 6 starts after prices pushing down the yield on the benchmark 30-year Treasury bond to 5.92 percent from 5.93 percent story: WASHINGTON With growing opportunities for work drawing more people into the labor force , the unemployment rate remained at 4.7 percent last month , just a notch above its quarter - century low . The demand for workers also led employers to raise wages again last month . Stocks rose , pushing the Dow Jones industrial average up 72.24 points , to 8,189.49 ,  leaving the index within 70 points of its record high set on Aug. 6 . In the bond market , a sensitive barometer of inflation anxiety , prices edged up ,  pushing down the yield on the benchmark 30-year Treasury bond to 5.92 percent from 5.93 percent . The job figures for January extended a surge in employment gains that began last fall , just when the labor market had showed signs of cooling . The surge in jobs reflects a remarkable confluence of positive and self - reinforcing economic forces . Long - term interest rates , an important indicator of economic stability , have fallen in the last few months . Lower rates have helped invigorate housing and other interest - sensitive sectors of the economy by making loans more affordable , and have allowed companies to continue investing heavily in more efficient equipment . The less money the government needs to borrow , the more is freed for private investment . President Clinton welcomed the job figures at a news conference Friday . And the weakness of the Asian economies is also likely to lead to decreased demand for American exports . The rate for adult women rose 0.4 percent , to 4.4 percent . Among high school graduates , the rate was 3.9 percent , and college graduates , 1.9 percent . 	answer: negative
event: With the political implications so strong , it 's unlikely the case of Elian Gonzalez will be closed quickly said Richard Nuccio , a former Clinton administration Cuba adviser starts before ` With two members of Congress representing Elian 's family 's constituency , I do n't see how Elian could be returned by the federal government without it going through the court system Nuccio said story: WASHINGTON Anti - Castro demonstrators thronged the street near the local INS office in Miami Wednesday , demanding that Elian be allowed to stay . ` ` Nobody wants the boy to be separated from his father , ' ' said Ninoska Perez of the Miami - based Cuban - American National Foundation . ` ` But that little boy , by surviving two days on an inner tube , has earned the right to stay here in freedom . ' ' In Havana , the government gave a guarded first response to the INS ruling , warning against ` ` excessive optimism ' ' and predicting ` ` the Cuban - American mafia and the extreme right in Since the boy is so young , Meissner said , the natural father has the right to speak for Elian . Eig complained . Gonzalez _ perhaps under duress from the Castro regime _ has indicated he does not want to travel to Miami , and there is ` ` no way ' ' the Miami Gonzalezes will assist in sending Elian back to Cuba , Perez said . But if Elian is forced to go back to Cuba , ` ` the Clinton - Gore administration , specifically ( Vice President ) Al Gore , will pay a high price in terms of votes in Florida , ' ' Perez said . Cuba experts and child custody lawyers said the INS ruling was appropriate under the law . 	answer: positive
event: With the political implications so strong , it 's unlikely the case of Elian Gonzalez will be closed quickly said Richard Nuccio , a former Clinton administration Cuba adviser starts after ` With two members of Congress representing Elian 's family 's constituency , I do n't see how Elian could be returned by the federal government without it going through the court system Nuccio said story: WASHINGTON Anti - Castro demonstrators thronged the street near the local INS office in Miami Wednesday , demanding that Elian be allowed to stay . ` ` Nobody wants the boy to be separated from his father , ' ' said Ninoska Perez of the Miami - based Cuban - American National Foundation . ` ` But that little boy , by surviving two days on an inner tube , has earned the right to stay here in freedom . ' ' In Havana , the government gave a guarded first response to the INS ruling , warning against ` ` excessive optimism ' ' and predicting ` ` the Cuban - American mafia and the extreme right in Since the boy is so young , Meissner said , the natural father has the right to speak for Elian . Eig complained . Gonzalez _ perhaps under duress from the Castro regime _ has indicated he does not want to travel to Miami , and there is ` ` no way ' ' the Miami Gonzalezes will assist in sending Elian back to Cuba , Perez said . But if Elian is forced to go back to Cuba , ` ` the Clinton - Gore administration , specifically ( Vice President ) Al Gore , will pay a high price in terms of votes in Florida , ' ' Perez said . Cuba experts and child custody lawyers said the INS ruling was appropriate under the law . 	answer: negative
event: Yesterday Compaq plunged further closing at $ 100 a share , off $ 8.625 a share , on volume of 2,633,700 shares starts before Most of Compaq 's decline attributed to a third - quarter earnings report that came in at the low end of analysts ' expectations story: Computer experts familiar with the flaws , found in Intel 's 80486 chip , say the defects do n't affect the average user and are likely to be cleared up before most computers using the chip as their " brains " appear on the market sometime next year . On Friday , Intel began notifying customers about the bugs which cause the chip to give wrong answers for some mathematical calculations . Hewlett announced last week that it planned to ship a computer based on the 486 chip early next year . Likewise , AST Research Inc. and Sun Microsystems Inc. said the bugs wo n't delay their development of 486-based machines . " We should not be seeing any more , " said Bill Rash , Intel 's director for the 486 chip . " The bugs will cause problems in " specific and rare circumstances that will not occur in typical applications " such as word - processing and spreadsheets , said Michael Slater , editor of the Microprocessor Report , an industry newsletter . Those companies are paying the price for taking the risk . That 's a break from Compaq tradition , because the company does n't announce products until they 're actually at the dealers . That 's four times as fast as the 386 . ( A 16-bit microprocessor processes 16 pieces of data at a time and is slower than newer , 32-bit chips . ) Since then , Intel has cornered a large part of the market with successive generations of 16-bit and 32-bit chips , all of which can run software written for previous models . 	answer: positive
event: Yesterday Compaq plunged further closing at $ 100 a share , off $ 8.625 a share , on volume of 2,633,700 shares starts after Most of Compaq 's decline attributed to a third - quarter earnings report that came in at the low end of analysts ' expectations story: Computer experts familiar with the flaws , found in Intel 's 80486 chip , say the defects do n't affect the average user and are likely to be cleared up before most computers using the chip as their " brains " appear on the market sometime next year . On Friday , Intel began notifying customers about the bugs which cause the chip to give wrong answers for some mathematical calculations . Hewlett announced last week that it planned to ship a computer based on the 486 chip early next year . Likewise , AST Research Inc. and Sun Microsystems Inc. said the bugs wo n't delay their development of 486-based machines . " We should not be seeing any more , " said Bill Rash , Intel 's director for the 486 chip . " The bugs will cause problems in " specific and rare circumstances that will not occur in typical applications " such as word - processing and spreadsheets , said Michael Slater , editor of the Microprocessor Report , an industry newsletter . Those companies are paying the price for taking the risk . That 's a break from Compaq tradition , because the company does n't announce products until they 're actually at the dealers . That 's four times as fast as the 386 . ( A 16-bit microprocessor processes 16 pieces of data at a time and is slower than newer , 32-bit chips . ) Since then , Intel has cornered a large part of the market with successive generations of 16-bit and 32-bit chips , all of which can run software written for previous models . 	answer: negative
event: said a Foreign Office spokesman speaking with customary anonymity starts after a Foreign Office spokesman speaking with customary anonymity story: Howes ' team was clearing mines 17 kilometers ( 10 miles ) from Angkor Wat , the fabled 11th century temple that is Cambodia 's main tourist attraction , when it was attacked . ` ` Obviously , it is deeply discouraging for the family after 22 months , but there is no proof of life . , ' '  said a Foreign Office spokesman ,  speaking with customary anonymity . Thai military officials who monitor Cambodian affairs said privately Thursday that Britain , through its embassies in Thailand and Cambodia , has been pushing hard to resolve the Howes case as the second anniversary of his abduction nears . He said he received information from Khmer Rouge guerrillas on where the body had been buried , and recently ordered 10 of his men from a force of 500 near Khmer Rouge headquarters in Anlong Veng to conduct the search . Nhek Bunchhay said he now believed Howes had been killed within a week of his capture by a Khmer Rouge faction loyal to Pol Pot , then the guerrilla group 's leader . But the group began to fall apart in mid-1996 after the defection of one of its top leaders , Ieng Sary . Other commanders , and thousands of guerrillas , followed him . But in June last year , the remaining leadership had a falling out , and Pol Pot was arrested . His men have held the stronghold _ which is on the border just opposite the Thai province of Surin _ against repeated intense attacks by Hun Sen 's troops . 	answer: positive
event: said a Foreign Office spokesman speaking with customary anonymity starts before a Foreign Office spokesman speaking with customary anonymity story: Howes ' team was clearing mines 17 kilometers ( 10 miles ) from Angkor Wat , the fabled 11th century temple that is Cambodia 's main tourist attraction , when it was attacked . ` ` Obviously , it is deeply discouraging for the family after 22 months , but there is no proof of life . , ' '  said a Foreign Office spokesman ,  speaking with customary anonymity . Thai military officials who monitor Cambodian affairs said privately Thursday that Britain , through its embassies in Thailand and Cambodia , has been pushing hard to resolve the Howes case as the second anniversary of his abduction nears . He said he received information from Khmer Rouge guerrillas on where the body had been buried , and recently ordered 10 of his men from a force of 500 near Khmer Rouge headquarters in Anlong Veng to conduct the search . Nhek Bunchhay said he now believed Howes had been killed within a week of his capture by a Khmer Rouge faction loyal to Pol Pot , then the guerrilla group 's leader . But the group began to fall apart in mid-1996 after the defection of one of its top leaders , Ieng Sary . Other commanders , and thousands of guerrillas , followed him . But in June last year , the remaining leadership had a falling out , and Pol Pot was arrested . His men have held the stronghold _ which is on the border just opposite the Thai province of Surin _ against repeated intense attacks by Hun Sen 's troops . 	answer: negative
event: the company will post additional pretax profit of about $ 33 million a year because of the additional Du Pont dividends starts before the initial higher dividend will paid on pre - split shares story: Du Pont also raised its quarterly dividend to $ 1.20 a share from $ 1.05 , a change that will increase the annualized payout to shareholders by some $ 140 million . The Wilmington , Del. , company reported net of $ 547 million , or $ 2.36 a share , which was in line with Wall Street estimates . Sales in the latest quarter were $ 8.59 billion , up 9.4 % from $ 7.85 billion . " A spokesman for Seagram , the Montreal wine and spirits concern controlled by the Bronfman family , said the company will  post additional pretax profit of about $ 33 million a year because of the additional Du Pont dividends . Profit climbed to $ 98 million from $ 71 million in the petroleum segment , as Du Pont 's Conoco Inc. oil company was helped by crude oil prices higher than a year ago and by higher natural gas prices and volume . In the fibers segment , profit rose to $ 180 million from $ 155 million , a gain Du Pont attributed to higher demand in the U.S. for most textile products . And profit from polymers dropped to $ 107 million from $ 122 million amid what Du Pont called lower demand and selling prices in certain packaging and industrial markets . For the nine months , Du Pont earned $ 2 billion , or $ 8.46 a share , up 18 % from $ 1.69 billion , or $ 7.03 a share , a year earlier . The increased dividend will be paid Dec. 14 to holders of record Nov. 15 . 	answer: positive
event: the company will post additional pretax profit of about $ 33 million a year because of the additional Du Pont dividends starts after the initial higher dividend will paid on pre - split shares story: Du Pont also raised its quarterly dividend to $ 1.20 a share from $ 1.05 , a change that will increase the annualized payout to shareholders by some $ 140 million . The Wilmington , Del. , company reported net of $ 547 million , or $ 2.36 a share , which was in line with Wall Street estimates . Sales in the latest quarter were $ 8.59 billion , up 9.4 % from $ 7.85 billion . " A spokesman for Seagram , the Montreal wine and spirits concern controlled by the Bronfman family , said the company will  post additional pretax profit of about $ 33 million a year because of the additional Du Pont dividends . Profit climbed to $ 98 million from $ 71 million in the petroleum segment , as Du Pont 's Conoco Inc. oil company was helped by crude oil prices higher than a year ago and by higher natural gas prices and volume . In the fibers segment , profit rose to $ 180 million from $ 155 million , a gain Du Pont attributed to higher demand in the U.S. for most textile products . And profit from polymers dropped to $ 107 million from $ 122 million amid what Du Pont called lower demand and selling prices in certain packaging and industrial markets . For the nine months , Du Pont earned $ 2 billion , or $ 8.46 a share , up 18 % from $ 1.69 billion , or $ 7.03 a share , a year earlier . The increased dividend will be paid Dec. 14 to holders of record Nov. 15 . 	answer: negative
event: Federal officials placed him with his Miami relatives starts before Elian should go back to Cuba story: Late Monday , U.S. State Department officials said that travel visas had been approved for Elian 's father , Juan Miguel Gonzalez , his immediate family and three other people _ a pediatrician , a psychologist and one of Elian 's favorite cousins . You ca n't control everybody . ' ' D.C. Cuban President Fidel Castro has said they would live in the home of a Cuban diplomat in the Washington area until the court case surrounding Elian 's fate is resolved . He was found floating in an inner - tube off the Florida coast on Thanksgiving Day after a boat carrying him from Cuba sank . His mother and 10 other people drowned . Federal officials  placed him with his Miami relatives , but kept custody over him . They immediately appealed to the 11th Circuit Court of Appeals in Atlanta . The terms of the talks changed dramatically , however , when Castro announced last Wednesday that the boy 's father was ready to travel to the United States . Previously , Gonzalez had said he would never come here to get his son . Over the weekend , lawyers for the family raised accusations that Juan Miguel Gonzalez had mistreated his son in telephone conversations , saying he had told the boy that his mother was alive and waiting for him in Cuba . But by Monday , federal officials hardened their negotiating stance , insisting the boy would be turned over to his father once the Cuban group arrives in the United States . A new ABC News - Washington Post opinion poll shows that 6 of 10 Americans also believe the boy should go home with his father . 	answer: positive
event: Federal officials placed him with his Miami relatives starts after Elian should go back to Cuba story: Late Monday , U.S. State Department officials said that travel visas had been approved for Elian 's father , Juan Miguel Gonzalez , his immediate family and three other people _ a pediatrician , a psychologist and one of Elian 's favorite cousins . You ca n't control everybody . ' ' D.C. Cuban President Fidel Castro has said they would live in the home of a Cuban diplomat in the Washington area until the court case surrounding Elian 's fate is resolved . He was found floating in an inner - tube off the Florida coast on Thanksgiving Day after a boat carrying him from Cuba sank . His mother and 10 other people drowned . Federal officials  placed him with his Miami relatives , but kept custody over him . They immediately appealed to the 11th Circuit Court of Appeals in Atlanta . The terms of the talks changed dramatically , however , when Castro announced last Wednesday that the boy 's father was ready to travel to the United States . Previously , Gonzalez had said he would never come here to get his son . Over the weekend , lawyers for the family raised accusations that Juan Miguel Gonzalez had mistreated his son in telephone conversations , saying he had told the boy that his mother was alive and waiting for him in Cuba . But by Monday , federal officials hardened their negotiating stance , insisting the boy would be turned over to his father once the Cuban group arrives in the United States . A new ABC News - Washington Post opinion poll shows that 6 of 10 Americans also believe the boy should go home with his father . 	answer: negative
event: At least 74 , including eight Americans killed in Nairobi , the capital of Kenya starts before 72 others hurt story: HAVANA , August 7 ( Xinhua ) -- The Cuban government Friday condemned the two bomb explosions near U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania . The Foreign Ministry said in a statement that the Cuban government is against such kind of terrorist attacks , which pose potential threats to every country . The Cuban government also expressed its condolences to the families of the victims . Two bombs exploded outside U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania Friday , killing at least 81 people and injuring more than 1,700 others . At least 74 , including eight Americans , were  killed in Nairobi , the capital of Kenya , and more then 1,640 were wounded . At least seven were reported dead in the Tanzanian capital of Dar es Salaam , and 72 others were  hurt . 	answer: positive
event: At least 74 , including eight Americans killed in Nairobi , the capital of Kenya starts after 72 others hurt story: HAVANA , August 7 ( Xinhua ) -- The Cuban government Friday condemned the two bomb explosions near U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania . The Foreign Ministry said in a statement that the Cuban government is against such kind of terrorist attacks , which pose potential threats to every country . The Cuban government also expressed its condolences to the families of the victims . Two bombs exploded outside U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania Friday , killing at least 81 people and injuring more than 1,700 others . At least 74 , including eight Americans , were  killed in Nairobi , the capital of Kenya , and more then 1,640 were wounded . At least seven were reported dead in the Tanzanian capital of Dar es Salaam , and 72 others were  hurt . 	answer: negative
event: extending a trend that has given back to workers some of the earning power they lost to inflation in the last decade starts before But economists said the wage increase was not enough to raise any concerns about higher inflation story: WASHINGTON Average hourly earnings of production and nonsupervisory employees rose 4 cents , to $ 12.51 . And because the Federal Reserve has made clear that it expects the economy to slow in coming months as ripple effects from Asia reach the United States , investors disregarded the large jobs gains , betting that neither a rise in interest rates nor resurgent inflation is looming . The job figures for January extended a surge in employment gains that began last fall , just when the labor market had showed signs of cooling . The surge in jobs reflects a remarkable confluence of positive and self - reinforcing economic forces . Lower rates have helped invigorate housing and other interest - sensitive sectors of the economy by making loans more affordable , and have allowed companies to continue investing heavily in more efficient equipment . The less money the government needs to borrow , the more is freed for private investment . His advisers said the results reflected not just from balancing the budget , but also initiatives like improved access to education and training and the opening of foreign markets to trade . Service industries also showed solid job gains , as did manufacturers , two areas expected to be hardest hit when the effects of the Asian crisis hit the American economy . And the weakness of the Asian economies is also likely to lead to decreased demand for American exports . The rate for adult women rose 0.4 percent , to 4.4 percent . Among people with less than a high school education , the rate in January was 7.2 percent . 	answer: positive
event: extending a trend that has given back to workers some of the earning power they lost to inflation in the last decade starts after But economists said the wage increase was not enough to raise any concerns about higher inflation story: WASHINGTON Average hourly earnings of production and nonsupervisory employees rose 4 cents , to $ 12.51 . And because the Federal Reserve has made clear that it expects the economy to slow in coming months as ripple effects from Asia reach the United States , investors disregarded the large jobs gains , betting that neither a rise in interest rates nor resurgent inflation is looming . The job figures for January extended a surge in employment gains that began last fall , just when the labor market had showed signs of cooling . The surge in jobs reflects a remarkable confluence of positive and self - reinforcing economic forces . Lower rates have helped invigorate housing and other interest - sensitive sectors of the economy by making loans more affordable , and have allowed companies to continue investing heavily in more efficient equipment . The less money the government needs to borrow , the more is freed for private investment . His advisers said the results reflected not just from balancing the budget , but also initiatives like improved access to education and training and the opening of foreign markets to trade . Service industries also showed solid job gains , as did manufacturers , two areas expected to be hardest hit when the effects of the Asian crisis hit the American economy . And the weakness of the Asian economies is also likely to lead to decreased demand for American exports . The rate for adult women rose 0.4 percent , to 4.4 percent . Among people with less than a high school education , the rate in January was 7.2 percent . 	answer: negative
event: RJR Nabisco agreed to sell three candy businesses to Nestle for $ 370 million starts before The accord helps RJR pay off debt story: PROGRAM TRADING is being curbed by more securities firms , but big institutional investors are expected to continue the practice , further roiling the stock market . The effort is being led by Contel . Personal spending rose 0.2 % in September , the smallest gain in a year . The slowdown raises questions about the economy 's strength because spending fueled much of the third - quarter GNP growth . Meanwhile , personal income edged up 0.3 % . But weak car sales raise questions about future demand from the auto sector . LIN Broadcasting and BellSouth sweetened their plan to merge cellular phone operations , offering LIN holders a special $ 42-a - share payout . The accord  helps RJR pay off debt and boosts Nestle 's 7 % share of the U.S. candy market to 12 % . GM and Ford are expected to go head to head in the markets to buy up rival 15 % stakes in Jaguar . GM confirmed it received U.S. antitrust clearance to boost its holding . Sansui Electric agreed to sell a 51 % stake to Polly Peck of Britain for $ 110 million . Still , analysts said the accord does n't suggest Japan is opening up to more foreign takeovers . Kellogg suspended work on a $ 1 billion cereal plant , indicating a pessimistic outlook by the cereal maker , which has been losing market share . Insurers could see claims totaling nearly $ 1 billion from the San Francisco earthquake , far less than the $ 4 billion from Hurricane Hugo . Markets Stocks : Volume 170,330,000 shares . Bonds : Shearson Lehman Hutton Treasury index 3406.31 , off 19.29 . 	answer: positive
event: RJR Nabisco agreed to sell three candy businesses to Nestle for $ 370 million starts after The accord helps RJR pay off debt story: PROGRAM TRADING is being curbed by more securities firms , but big institutional investors are expected to continue the practice , further roiling the stock market . The effort is being led by Contel . Personal spending rose 0.2 % in September , the smallest gain in a year . The slowdown raises questions about the economy 's strength because spending fueled much of the third - quarter GNP growth . Meanwhile , personal income edged up 0.3 % . But weak car sales raise questions about future demand from the auto sector . LIN Broadcasting and BellSouth sweetened their plan to merge cellular phone operations , offering LIN holders a special $ 42-a - share payout . The accord  helps RJR pay off debt and boosts Nestle 's 7 % share of the U.S. candy market to 12 % . GM and Ford are expected to go head to head in the markets to buy up rival 15 % stakes in Jaguar . GM confirmed it received U.S. antitrust clearance to boost its holding . Sansui Electric agreed to sell a 51 % stake to Polly Peck of Britain for $ 110 million . Still , analysts said the accord does n't suggest Japan is opening up to more foreign takeovers . Kellogg suspended work on a $ 1 billion cereal plant , indicating a pessimistic outlook by the cereal maker , which has been losing market share . Insurers could see claims totaling nearly $ 1 billion from the San Francisco earthquake , far less than the $ 4 billion from Hurricane Hugo . Markets Stocks : Volume 170,330,000 shares . Bonds : Shearson Lehman Hutton Treasury index 3406.31 , off 19.29 . 	answer: negative
event: it earned $ 5.2 million , or seven cents a share , in the fiscal first quarter starts before Sun , a maker of computer workstations , reported sales of $ 538.5 million for the quarter ended Sept. 29 , up 39 % from $ 388.5 million a year earlier story: Sun , a maker of computer workstations ,  reported sales of $ 538.5 million for the quarter ended Sept. 29 , up 39 % from $ 388.5 million a year earlier . In the 1988 period , the company earned $ 20.6 million , or 26 cents a share . Sun 's results were slightly better than expectations . Earlier this month , the company said it expected to break even for the quarter on sales of $ 530 million . In a statement , Scott McNealy , Sun 's chief executive officer , said the company 's performance was hampered by problems tied to the introduction of a major new family of computers in April . But problems in manufacturing , forecasting demand and getting the bugs out of a new management information system made it extremely difficult for Sun to meet demand for its newest computers well into the summer . These problems also resulted in Sun reporting a $ 20.3 million loss for its fourth quarter ended June 30 . Mr. McNealy said the issues that hurt Sun 's performance earlier this year are now " largely " behind the firm , and he indicated that Sun 's profitability should increase throughout the fiscal year . Sun also reported a record backlog of orders . While this indicates continued strong demand for the company 's desk - top computers , Sun faces increasing competition from Digital Equipment Corp. and Hewlett - Packard Co. Recently , analysts have said Sun also is vulnerable to competition from International Business Machines Corp. , which plans to introduce a group of workstations early next year , and Next Inc. 	answer: positive
event: it earned $ 5.2 million , or seven cents a share , in the fiscal first quarter starts after Sun , a maker of computer workstations , reported sales of $ 538.5 million for the quarter ended Sept. 29 , up 39 % from $ 388.5 million a year earlier story: Sun , a maker of computer workstations ,  reported sales of $ 538.5 million for the quarter ended Sept. 29 , up 39 % from $ 388.5 million a year earlier . In the 1988 period , the company earned $ 20.6 million , or 26 cents a share . Sun 's results were slightly better than expectations . Earlier this month , the company said it expected to break even for the quarter on sales of $ 530 million . In a statement , Scott McNealy , Sun 's chief executive officer , said the company 's performance was hampered by problems tied to the introduction of a major new family of computers in April . But problems in manufacturing , forecasting demand and getting the bugs out of a new management information system made it extremely difficult for Sun to meet demand for its newest computers well into the summer . These problems also resulted in Sun reporting a $ 20.3 million loss for its fourth quarter ended June 30 . Mr. McNealy said the issues that hurt Sun 's performance earlier this year are now " largely " behind the firm , and he indicated that Sun 's profitability should increase throughout the fiscal year . Sun also reported a record backlog of orders . While this indicates continued strong demand for the company 's desk - top computers , Sun faces increasing competition from Digital Equipment Corp. and Hewlett - Packard Co. Recently , analysts have said Sun also is vulnerable to competition from International Business Machines Corp. , which plans to introduce a group of workstations early next year , and Next Inc. 	answer: negative
event: A six - year - old boy who became a political symbol for anti - Castro exiles starts before Miami where the boy wooed with American toys and theme - park visits story: _ Faced with the choice of keeping Elian Gonzalez with relatives in Miami , where the boy has been  wooed with American toys and theme - park visits , or returning him to his apparently distraught father in Havana , the Immigration and Naturalization Service decided the boy should go home by Jan. 14 , INS commissioner Doris Meissner told reporters . the U.S. Congress ' ' would still put up a fight to keep the boy . Since the boy is so young , Meissner said , the natural father has the right to speak for Elian . Eig complained . Having a third party escort Elian frees the INS from the politically uncomfortable spectacle of having to do the task itself . Clinton told reporters in the Rose Garden Wednesday . But if Elian is forced to go back to Cuba , ` ` the Clinton - Gore administration , specifically ( Vice President ) Al Gore , will pay a high price in terms of votes in Florida , ' ' ` ` This was a simple child custody case . ' ' ` ` Every state court and every family court in the United States would award custody to a surviving parent rather than a distant relative who lives a more prosperous life , ' ' said David Abraham , a professor at Miami Law School and expert in custody law . ` ` With two members of Congress representing Elian 's family 's constituency , I do n't see how Elian could be returned by the federal government without it going through the court system , ' ' Nuccio said . 	answer: positive
event: A six - year - old boy who became a political symbol for anti - Castro exiles starts after Miami where the boy wooed with American toys and theme - park visits story: _ Faced with the choice of keeping Elian Gonzalez with relatives in Miami , where the boy has been  wooed with American toys and theme - park visits , or returning him to his apparently distraught father in Havana , the Immigration and Naturalization Service decided the boy should go home by Jan. 14 , INS commissioner Doris Meissner told reporters . the U.S. Congress ' ' would still put up a fight to keep the boy . Since the boy is so young , Meissner said , the natural father has the right to speak for Elian . Eig complained . Having a third party escort Elian frees the INS from the politically uncomfortable spectacle of having to do the task itself . Clinton told reporters in the Rose Garden Wednesday . But if Elian is forced to go back to Cuba , ` ` the Clinton - Gore administration , specifically ( Vice President ) Al Gore , will pay a high price in terms of votes in Florida , ' ' ` ` This was a simple child custody case . ' ' ` ` Every state court and every family court in the United States would award custody to a surviving parent rather than a distant relative who lives a more prosperous life , ' ' said David Abraham , a professor at Miami Law School and expert in custody law . ` ` With two members of Congress representing Elian 's family 's constituency , I do n't see how Elian could be returned by the federal government without it going through the court system , ' ' Nuccio said . 	answer: negative
event: Kopp also has been linked , through DNA testing , to a strand of hair found near where the sniper fired law enforcement sources said starts after Nicknamed the ` ` Atomic Dog ' in anti - abortion circles Kopp story: BUFFALO , N.Y. ( AP ) -- Federal and state arrest warrants were issued for James C. Kopp , 44 , of St. Albans , Vt . His whereabouts are unknown . Investigators have been searching for Kopp since shortly after the Oct. 23 slaying . In addition to a state charge of murder , Kopp faces a federal charge of violating the Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act by using deadly force against an abortion doctor . Both charges carry up to life in prison . The newly filed charges will intensify the ongoing international manhunt , Tolbert said . Investigators would not divulge the evidence against Kopp but said last month 's discovery of a scope - equipped rifle buried near the Slepian home represented a major breakthrough . Slepian , 52 , was shot with a rifle . Kopp also has been linked , through DNA testing , to a strand of hair found near where the sniper fired , law enforcement sources have  said . Kopp is now the second anti - abortion activist being sought by the FBI as a suspect in a fatal attack . Eric Rudolph has been on the run since the January 1998 bombing of a Birmingham , Ala. , abortion clinic that killed an off - duty police officer and maimed a nurse . He also is charged in three Atlanta attacks , including the 1996 Olympic bombing that killed one person . 	answer: positive
event: Kopp also has been linked , through DNA testing , to a strand of hair found near where the sniper fired law enforcement sources said starts before Nicknamed the ` ` Atomic Dog ' in anti - abortion circles Kopp story: BUFFALO , N.Y. ( AP ) -- Federal and state arrest warrants were issued for James C. Kopp , 44 , of St. Albans , Vt . His whereabouts are unknown . Investigators have been searching for Kopp since shortly after the Oct. 23 slaying . In addition to a state charge of murder , Kopp faces a federal charge of violating the Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act by using deadly force against an abortion doctor . Both charges carry up to life in prison . The newly filed charges will intensify the ongoing international manhunt , Tolbert said . Investigators would not divulge the evidence against Kopp but said last month 's discovery of a scope - equipped rifle buried near the Slepian home represented a major breakthrough . Slepian , 52 , was shot with a rifle . Kopp also has been linked , through DNA testing , to a strand of hair found near where the sniper fired , law enforcement sources have  said . Kopp is now the second anti - abortion activist being sought by the FBI as a suspect in a fatal attack . Eric Rudolph has been on the run since the January 1998 bombing of a Birmingham , Ala. , abortion clinic that killed an off - duty police officer and maimed a nurse . He also is charged in three Atlanta attacks , including the 1996 Olympic bombing that killed one person . 	answer: negative
event: He said the move toward standard operating systems means customers are n't locked into buying from their traditional computer supplier and can force prices down starts before That he said is why Unisys is overhauling its whole business It needs to prepare for a world in which profit margins will be lower than computer companies have been used to story: " " Unisys , whose revenue inched up 3.7 % in the quarter to $ 2.35 billion from $ 2.27 billion in the year - earlier quarter , had an operating loss of about $ 30 million . The company also took a write - off of $ 150 million to cover losses on some fixed - price defense contracts , as some new managers took a hard look at the prospects for that slow - growing business . The tax payments will leave Unisys with $ 225 million in loss carry - forwards that will cut tax payments in future quarters . In addition , Unisys said it reduced computer inventories a further $ 100 million during the quarter , leaving it within $ 100 million of its goal of a reduction of $ 500 million by the end of the year . Debt has risen to around $ 4 billion , or about 50 % of total capitalization . Jim Unruh , Unisys 's president , said he is approaching next year with caution . He said the strength of the world - wide economy is suspect , and does n't see much revenue growth in the cards . He also said that the price wars flaring up in parts of the computer industry will continue through next year . The information - systems industry is still going to be a high - growth business , and we 're confident that we have tremendous assets as a company . " " Reflecting the concern , Unisys stock fell a further 75 cents to $ 16.25 in composite trading Friday on the New York Stock Exchange . 	answer: positive
event: He said the move toward standard operating systems means customers are n't locked into buying from their traditional computer supplier and can force prices down starts after That he said is why Unisys is overhauling its whole business It needs to prepare for a world in which profit margins will be lower than computer companies have been used to story: " " Unisys , whose revenue inched up 3.7 % in the quarter to $ 2.35 billion from $ 2.27 billion in the year - earlier quarter , had an operating loss of about $ 30 million . The company also took a write - off of $ 150 million to cover losses on some fixed - price defense contracts , as some new managers took a hard look at the prospects for that slow - growing business . The tax payments will leave Unisys with $ 225 million in loss carry - forwards that will cut tax payments in future quarters . In addition , Unisys said it reduced computer inventories a further $ 100 million during the quarter , leaving it within $ 100 million of its goal of a reduction of $ 500 million by the end of the year . Debt has risen to around $ 4 billion , or about 50 % of total capitalization . Jim Unruh , Unisys 's president , said he is approaching next year with caution . He said the strength of the world - wide economy is suspect , and does n't see much revenue growth in the cards . He also said that the price wars flaring up in parts of the computer industry will continue through next year . The information - systems industry is still going to be a high - growth business , and we 're confident that we have tremendous assets as a company . " " Reflecting the concern , Unisys stock fell a further 75 cents to $ 16.25 in composite trading Friday on the New York Stock Exchange . 	answer: negative
event: it has a large portfolio of equity securities issued in connection with corporate restructurings and leveraged buy - outs , which has a book value of $ 90 million starts before a large portfolio of equity securities issued in connection with corporate restructurings and leveraged buy - outs which has a book value of $ 90 million story: Total assets increased to $ 12.7 billion in the latest quarter from $ 12.4 billion a year earlier . The results include a $ 130.2 million write - down of the securities in the high - yield portfolio to the lower of their cost or market value . Columbia also added $ 227.3 million to reserves for losses on the portfolio , increasing general reserves to $ 300 million , or about 6.7 % of the total portfolio , as of Sept. 30 . Thrift officials said the $ 300 million reserve will be adjusted quarterly and will reflect the rate of dispositions and market conditions . The adjustments result from the recently passed thrift - industry bailout legislation , which requires thrifts to divest all high - yield bond investments by 1994 . Previously , Columbia did n't have to adjust the book value of its junk - bond holdings to reflect declines in market prices , because it held the bonds as long - term investments . But he said Columbia remains " one of the most strongly capitalized thrifts in the industry , " based on the economic value of its assets and tangible capital . Its shares closed at $ 5.125 each in composite New York Stock Exchange trading , down 37.5 cents . Its ratio of tangible equity to total assets as of Sept. 30 was 3.6 % , and total equity was $ 457.9 million . Columbia also has unrealized gains in its public equity securities portfolio of more than $ 70 million . 	answer: positive
event: it has a large portfolio of equity securities issued in connection with corporate restructurings and leveraged buy - outs , which has a book value of $ 90 million starts after a large portfolio of equity securities issued in connection with corporate restructurings and leveraged buy - outs which has a book value of $ 90 million story: Total assets increased to $ 12.7 billion in the latest quarter from $ 12.4 billion a year earlier . The results include a $ 130.2 million write - down of the securities in the high - yield portfolio to the lower of their cost or market value . Columbia also added $ 227.3 million to reserves for losses on the portfolio , increasing general reserves to $ 300 million , or about 6.7 % of the total portfolio , as of Sept. 30 . Thrift officials said the $ 300 million reserve will be adjusted quarterly and will reflect the rate of dispositions and market conditions . The adjustments result from the recently passed thrift - industry bailout legislation , which requires thrifts to divest all high - yield bond investments by 1994 . Previously , Columbia did n't have to adjust the book value of its junk - bond holdings to reflect declines in market prices , because it held the bonds as long - term investments . But he said Columbia remains " one of the most strongly capitalized thrifts in the industry , " based on the economic value of its assets and tangible capital . Its shares closed at $ 5.125 each in composite New York Stock Exchange trading , down 37.5 cents . Its ratio of tangible equity to total assets as of Sept. 30 was 3.6 % , and total equity was $ 457.9 million . Columbia also has unrealized gains in its public equity securities portfolio of more than $ 70 million . 	answer: negative
event: In a pre - attack message Lt . Gen. Walter Boomer , the top Marine in the Persian Gulf told U.S. Marines that their goal is to " restore { Kuwait } to its citizens starts before He add that " in so doing you not only return a nation to its people , but you will destroy the war machine of a ruthless dictator story: Similarly , while cautioning about the uncertainty of early battle reports , White House spokesman Marlin Fitzwater said late yesterday that " the operation has been very successful . Why have a war ? " asked Abdul Latif Shekar , a customs officer in Egypt , a country participating in the attack on Iraqi troops . Iraq was ready to withdraw . " American officials staunchly disavow any interest in driving through Iraq toward Baghdad , either in pursuit of Saddam Hussein himself or to set up some American - controlled government inside Iraq . The Americans say their battle plans call for operating against forces inside Iraq as far north as the city of Basra , about 30 miles north of Kuwait , but say there is n't any plan to drive beyond that . He went on to  add that " in so doing you not only return a nation to its people , but you will destroy the war machine of a ruthless dictator . The date was unaffected by the last - ditch Soviet peace initiative . Long columns of Iraqi prisoners of war could be seen trudging through the desert toward the allied rear . That would undermine any chances of rebuilding either Iraq or its armed forces in short order as long as Saddam Hussein remains in power . " Yet , paradoxically , the perception that the U.S. wants to destroy Iraq may increase Saddam Hussein 's support within the Iraqi military . " We looked to the United States , we expected you to have the moral edge , " says Nasser Tahboub , a Jerusalem - born Jordanian who has an American wife and a doctorate in political science from Duke University . " 	answer: positive
event: In a pre - attack message Lt . Gen. Walter Boomer , the top Marine in the Persian Gulf told U.S. Marines that their goal is to " restore { Kuwait } to its citizens starts after He add that " in so doing you not only return a nation to its people , but you will destroy the war machine of a ruthless dictator story: Similarly , while cautioning about the uncertainty of early battle reports , White House spokesman Marlin Fitzwater said late yesterday that " the operation has been very successful . Why have a war ? " asked Abdul Latif Shekar , a customs officer in Egypt , a country participating in the attack on Iraqi troops . Iraq was ready to withdraw . " American officials staunchly disavow any interest in driving through Iraq toward Baghdad , either in pursuit of Saddam Hussein himself or to set up some American - controlled government inside Iraq . The Americans say their battle plans call for operating against forces inside Iraq as far north as the city of Basra , about 30 miles north of Kuwait , but say there is n't any plan to drive beyond that . He went on to  add that " in so doing you not only return a nation to its people , but you will destroy the war machine of a ruthless dictator . The date was unaffected by the last - ditch Soviet peace initiative . Long columns of Iraqi prisoners of war could be seen trudging through the desert toward the allied rear . That would undermine any chances of rebuilding either Iraq or its armed forces in short order as long as Saddam Hussein remains in power . " Yet , paradoxically , the perception that the U.S. wants to destroy Iraq may increase Saddam Hussein 's support within the Iraqi military . " We looked to the United States , we expected you to have the moral edge , " says Nasser Tahboub , a Jerusalem - born Jordanian who has an American wife and a doctorate in political science from Duke University . " 	answer: negative
event: the Democrat , Charles Schumer , another abortion - rights supporter , not raised Slepian 's death himself starts before it puts a new emphasis on the issue story: Now events are doing the work for Schumer . On Tuesday , the National Abortion and Reproductive Rights Action League plans to hold a news conference to screen a television advertisement _ made last week , before Slepian died _ featuring Emily Lyons , a nurse who was badly wounded earlier this year in the bombing of an abortion clinic in Alabama . The measure made it a Federal crime to attack or blockade an abortion clinic . ` ` It 's incredibly sincere and powerful and it would have been regardless , ' ' she said . But , Isay added , ` ` it heightens the abortion issue . ' ' Steven Goldstein , the campaign spokesman for Spitzer , was less reticent . Goldstein said . ` ` Stopping clinic violence is going to be a major theme of our campaign from now to Election Day . ' ' In Sunday 's debate against Vacco , Spitzer attacked him for failing to enforce a court order in 1992 against anti - abortion protesters who had blocked the entrance to a clinic . It was the same clinic where Slepian worked . He was replaced with two special prosecutors . Vacco 's campaign manager , Matt Behrmann , said in a statement that Spitzer had ` ` sunk to a new and despicable low by attempting to capitalize on the murder of a physician in order to garner votes . ' ' ` ` It 's possible that New York politics has never seen anything as crass as Eliot Spitzer 's willingness to exploit the unfortunate murder of Slepian as a steppingstone for his own political ambitions , ' ' Berhrmann said . 	answer: positive
event: the Democrat , Charles Schumer , another abortion - rights supporter , not raised Slepian 's death himself starts after it puts a new emphasis on the issue story: Now events are doing the work for Schumer . On Tuesday , the National Abortion and Reproductive Rights Action League plans to hold a news conference to screen a television advertisement _ made last week , before Slepian died _ featuring Emily Lyons , a nurse who was badly wounded earlier this year in the bombing of an abortion clinic in Alabama . The measure made it a Federal crime to attack or blockade an abortion clinic . ` ` It 's incredibly sincere and powerful and it would have been regardless , ' ' she said . But , Isay added , ` ` it heightens the abortion issue . ' ' Steven Goldstein , the campaign spokesman for Spitzer , was less reticent . Goldstein said . ` ` Stopping clinic violence is going to be a major theme of our campaign from now to Election Day . ' ' In Sunday 's debate against Vacco , Spitzer attacked him for failing to enforce a court order in 1992 against anti - abortion protesters who had blocked the entrance to a clinic . It was the same clinic where Slepian worked . He was replaced with two special prosecutors . Vacco 's campaign manager , Matt Behrmann , said in a statement that Spitzer had ` ` sunk to a new and despicable low by attempting to capitalize on the murder of a physician in order to garner votes . ' ' ` ` It 's possible that New York politics has never seen anything as crass as Eliot Spitzer 's willingness to exploit the unfortunate murder of Slepian as a steppingstone for his own political ambitions , ' ' Berhrmann said . 	answer: negative
event: Another highly placed source said the president 's son met with Sununu last week after holding a series of conversations about the structure of the White House staff and of the campaign with other Bush loyalists and GOP activists starts after the younger Bush " sketched for Sununu problems the president is encountering because of the chief of staff 's tenure story: One of President Bush 's sons has informed White House Chief of Staff John Sununu that he has lost much of his support among Republicans , prompting an intense effort by Sununu to hold on to his job by demonstrating his GOP backing , White House and Republican sources said Monday . Sununu was told Wednesday by Bush 's son , George , that he had alienated members of the Cabinet , the White House staff and the Republican political community , creating a situation that puts his effectiveness in significant doubt , the sources said . The message to the chief of staff was meant to be taken as a suggestion that Sununu offer to resign , one highly placed source said . One GOP source , reporting on a call from the chief of staff to a Republican leader , said Sununu lamented that " the noose is tightening around my neck , and I need your help . " Another highly placed source  said the president 's son met with Sununu last week after holding a series of conversations about the structure of the White House staff and of the campaign with other Bush loyalists and GOP activists . The source said the younger Bush "  sketched out for Sununu " problems the president is encountering because of the chief of staff 's tenure . " He was told ... the handwriting was on the wall , " the source said Monday . That , the source said , was when Sununu started calling congressional Republicans and asking them to tell Bush that the conservative wing of the party , in particular , would object if he were fired . Officials said the president himself met with Sununu Sunday . 	answer: positive
event: Another highly placed source said the president 's son met with Sununu last week after holding a series of conversations about the structure of the White House staff and of the campaign with other Bush loyalists and GOP activists starts before the younger Bush " sketched for Sununu problems the president is encountering because of the chief of staff 's tenure story: One of President Bush 's sons has informed White House Chief of Staff John Sununu that he has lost much of his support among Republicans , prompting an intense effort by Sununu to hold on to his job by demonstrating his GOP backing , White House and Republican sources said Monday . Sununu was told Wednesday by Bush 's son , George , that he had alienated members of the Cabinet , the White House staff and the Republican political community , creating a situation that puts his effectiveness in significant doubt , the sources said . The message to the chief of staff was meant to be taken as a suggestion that Sununu offer to resign , one highly placed source said . One GOP source , reporting on a call from the chief of staff to a Republican leader , said Sununu lamented that " the noose is tightening around my neck , and I need your help . " Another highly placed source  said the president 's son met with Sununu last week after holding a series of conversations about the structure of the White House staff and of the campaign with other Bush loyalists and GOP activists . The source said the younger Bush "  sketched out for Sununu " problems the president is encountering because of the chief of staff 's tenure . " He was told ... the handwriting was on the wall , " the source said Monday . That , the source said , was when Sununu started calling congressional Republicans and asking them to tell Bush that the conservative wing of the party , in particular , would object if he were fired . Officials said the president himself met with Sununu Sunday . 	answer: negative
event: he just decided to join in the barroom brawl starts before Anheuser is the biggest guy in the bar , and he just decided to join in the barroom brawl said Joseph J. Doyle , an analyst with Smith Barney story: The St. Louis company said major rivals , Philip Morris Co. 's Miller Brewing unit and Adolph Coors Co. " have been following a policy of continuous and deep discounting for at least the past 18 months " on their premium brands , pricing their product as much as 25 cents a 12-pack below Anheuser 's Budweiser label in many markets . Anheuser said its new strategy -- started in some markets last month and expected to be applied soon in selected markets nationwide -- will mean lower - than - anticipated earnings for the last half of 1989 and for 1990 . The stock closed at $ 38.50 on heavy volume of about 3.5 million shares . We can not permit a further slowing in our volume trend , " Anheuser said , adding it will take " appropriate competitive pricing actions to support our long - term market share growth strategy " for the premium brands . Anheuser said it continues to hold to its earlier - announced goal of a 50 % U.S. market share by the mid-1990s . Anheuser is the biggest guy in the bar , and he just  decided to join in the barroom brawl , "  said Joseph J. Doyle , an analyst with Smith Barney , Harris Upham amp Co. " It 's going to get bloody . Jerry Steinman , publisher of Beer Marketers Insights , a trade newsletter , said Anheuser 's announcement means " everybody else in the industry is going to have a difficult time reaching their profit objectives . " Mr. Thompson noted that the disappointing earnings , which fell five cents a share short of his own projections , contributed to the sell - off by an edgy and currently unforgiving investing public . 	answer: positive
event: he just decided to join in the barroom brawl starts after Anheuser is the biggest guy in the bar , and he just decided to join in the barroom brawl said Joseph J. Doyle , an analyst with Smith Barney story: The St. Louis company said major rivals , Philip Morris Co. 's Miller Brewing unit and Adolph Coors Co. " have been following a policy of continuous and deep discounting for at least the past 18 months " on their premium brands , pricing their product as much as 25 cents a 12-pack below Anheuser 's Budweiser label in many markets . Anheuser said its new strategy -- started in some markets last month and expected to be applied soon in selected markets nationwide -- will mean lower - than - anticipated earnings for the last half of 1989 and for 1990 . The stock closed at $ 38.50 on heavy volume of about 3.5 million shares . We can not permit a further slowing in our volume trend , " Anheuser said , adding it will take " appropriate competitive pricing actions to support our long - term market share growth strategy " for the premium brands . Anheuser said it continues to hold to its earlier - announced goal of a 50 % U.S. market share by the mid-1990s . Anheuser is the biggest guy in the bar , and he just  decided to join in the barroom brawl , "  said Joseph J. Doyle , an analyst with Smith Barney , Harris Upham amp Co. " It 's going to get bloody . Jerry Steinman , publisher of Beer Marketers Insights , a trade newsletter , said Anheuser 's announcement means " everybody else in the industry is going to have a difficult time reaching their profit objectives . " Mr. Thompson noted that the disappointing earnings , which fell five cents a share short of his own projections , contributed to the sell - off by an edgy and currently unforgiving investing public . 	answer: negative
event: many of the local religious leaders who led the 1992 protests moved starts before said Larry Finkelstien , a high school teacher who works as an escort at abortion clinics story: The doctor 's wife and one of his sons were in the kitchen when the shooting occurred , Murray said . The bullet bounced off a cabinet and ricocheted into the living room , where the doctor 's three other children were watching television , Murray said . Just over an hour later , he was declared dead at nearby Millard Fillmore Suburban Hospital . Spitz said in a statement released to The Associated Press , ` ` the same way we would want someone to protect us . Whoever shot the shot protected the children . ' Most other opponents of abortion , however , condemned the shooting and abortion . Joseph Zwilling , a spokesman for the Archdiocese of New York , said of the cardinal 's sermon . Religious leaders in Buffalo also condemned the shooting . but he went on to defend the Church 's opposition to abortion as ` ` respecting of human life in all its forms , especially the most vulnerable . ' ' Susan Dudley , deputy director of the National Abortion Federation , assailed the remarks and called on anti - abortion groups to shift their tactics . ` ` They are the ones who call these doctors murderers . ' ' In Amherst , residents who said they opposed abortion decried the attack and said they hoped the perpetrator was caught . Men smoking cigars and drinking beer with friends after shooting skeet at the Buffalo Shooting Club in Amherst said their feelings about abortion were mixed , but they uniformly denounced the killing of Slepian . ` ` The only people that are left are the hard - core , fanatical people , ' ' 	answer: positive
event: many of the local religious leaders who led the 1992 protests moved starts after said Larry Finkelstien , a high school teacher who works as an escort at abortion clinics story: The doctor 's wife and one of his sons were in the kitchen when the shooting occurred , Murray said . The bullet bounced off a cabinet and ricocheted into the living room , where the doctor 's three other children were watching television , Murray said . Just over an hour later , he was declared dead at nearby Millard Fillmore Suburban Hospital . Spitz said in a statement released to The Associated Press , ` ` the same way we would want someone to protect us . Whoever shot the shot protected the children . ' Most other opponents of abortion , however , condemned the shooting and abortion . Joseph Zwilling , a spokesman for the Archdiocese of New York , said of the cardinal 's sermon . Religious leaders in Buffalo also condemned the shooting . but he went on to defend the Church 's opposition to abortion as ` ` respecting of human life in all its forms , especially the most vulnerable . ' ' Susan Dudley , deputy director of the National Abortion Federation , assailed the remarks and called on anti - abortion groups to shift their tactics . ` ` They are the ones who call these doctors murderers . ' ' In Amherst , residents who said they opposed abortion decried the attack and said they hoped the perpetrator was caught . Men smoking cigars and drinking beer with friends after shooting skeet at the Buffalo Shooting Club in Amherst said their feelings about abortion were mixed , but they uniformly denounced the killing of Slepian . ` ` The only people that are left are the hard - core , fanatical people , ' ' 	answer: negative
event: over four hundred hate groups identified starts before many becoming increasingly successful at recruiting younger members through the use of Internet web pages and the promotion of racist rock music story: We in fact have seen hate group numbers dropping through the nineties , uh but this year they jumped up uh twenty percent , quite a dramatic rise . Mark Potach says over four hundred hate groups have been  identified and many are  becoming increasingly successful at recruiting younger members through the use of Internet web pages and the promotion of racist rock music . angry people sitting in their bedrooms uh all alone . Uh , in addition , white power racist music has become uh quite popular in certain sectors . Uh , there are over fifty thousand CDs a year sold with uh lyrics that are quite uh unbelievable . Many of these new members are joining chapters of the so called Christian Identity Movement which cites Biblical scripture as a foundation for a belief in white supremacy and anti - semitism . The approach of the year two thousand has many of these groups in a kind of millennial frenzy . they believe , or at least many of them believe , uh that they are approaching the Battle of Armageddon in which they will be pitted against the uh kind of Satanic forces trying to take over the world . Mr. Potach notes older , more traditional groups like the Ku Klux Klan are also opening new chapters , thanks in part to their ability to use new technologies like the Internet . The Federal Bureau of Investigation says it received more than eight thousand reports of hate group crimes last year . Jim Teple , VOA News , Miami . 	answer: positive
event: over four hundred hate groups identified starts after many becoming increasingly successful at recruiting younger members through the use of Internet web pages and the promotion of racist rock music story: We in fact have seen hate group numbers dropping through the nineties , uh but this year they jumped up uh twenty percent , quite a dramatic rise . Mark Potach says over four hundred hate groups have been  identified and many are  becoming increasingly successful at recruiting younger members through the use of Internet web pages and the promotion of racist rock music . angry people sitting in their bedrooms uh all alone . Uh , in addition , white power racist music has become uh quite popular in certain sectors . Uh , there are over fifty thousand CDs a year sold with uh lyrics that are quite uh unbelievable . Many of these new members are joining chapters of the so called Christian Identity Movement which cites Biblical scripture as a foundation for a belief in white supremacy and anti - semitism . The approach of the year two thousand has many of these groups in a kind of millennial frenzy . they believe , or at least many of them believe , uh that they are approaching the Battle of Armageddon in which they will be pitted against the uh kind of Satanic forces trying to take over the world . Mr. Potach notes older , more traditional groups like the Ku Klux Klan are also opening new chapters , thanks in part to their ability to use new technologies like the Internet . The Federal Bureau of Investigation says it received more than eight thousand reports of hate group crimes last year . Jim Teple , VOA News , Miami . 	answer: negative
event: Primerica as expected also acquired certain assets of the agency starts before Primerica as expected also assumed certain of its liabilities story: A.L. Williams Corp. was merged into Primerica Corp. , New York , after a special meeting of Williams shareholders cleared the transaction , the companies said . Primerica , which had owned nearly 70 % of Williams , will pay about 16.7 million shares , currently valued at almost $ 472 million , for the rest of Williams . The financial - services company will pay 0.82 share for each Williams share . Williams shares , which were to be delisted from the New York Stock Exchange after the close of composite trading yesterday , closed at $ 23.25 , off 12.5 cents . Primerica closed at $ 28.25 , down 50 cents . Williams , Duluth , Ga. , is an insurance and financial - services holding company . Its subsidiaries ' services are marketed by closely held A.L. Williams amp Associates . Primerica , as expected , also  acquired certain assets of the agency and  assumed certain of its liabilities . Terms were n't disclosed . 	answer: positive
event: Primerica as expected also acquired certain assets of the agency starts after Primerica as expected also assumed certain of its liabilities story: A.L. Williams Corp. was merged into Primerica Corp. , New York , after a special meeting of Williams shareholders cleared the transaction , the companies said . Primerica , which had owned nearly 70 % of Williams , will pay about 16.7 million shares , currently valued at almost $ 472 million , for the rest of Williams . The financial - services company will pay 0.82 share for each Williams share . Williams shares , which were to be delisted from the New York Stock Exchange after the close of composite trading yesterday , closed at $ 23.25 , off 12.5 cents . Primerica closed at $ 28.25 , down 50 cents . Williams , Duluth , Ga. , is an insurance and financial - services holding company . Its subsidiaries ' services are marketed by closely held A.L. Williams amp Associates . Primerica , as expected , also  acquired certain assets of the agency and  assumed certain of its liabilities . Terms were n't disclosed . 	answer: negative
event: The battle of Elian won in judicial terms in legal terms in political terms starts before the father would traveling to the United States Thursday with his wife , their 6-month - old son story: Castro said as he wound up his speech at Havana 's Karl Marx Theater . Castro 's statement came less than an hour after Gregory Craig , attorney for Elian 's father Juan Miguel Gonzalez , announced in Washington that the father would be  traveling to the United States Thursday with his wife , their 6-month - old son , and with Fernando Remirez , chief of the Cuban Interests Section in Washington . ' ' The Cuban leader said that the U.S. government still did not know how it would transfer Elian to his father , but that it would happen quickly . The Miami kin has been battling to keep him in the United States , saying it can give him a better life off the communist island . Elian 's mother perished along with 10 others when their boat sank during the crossing from Cuba to the United States . Since the tragedy , Elian has become a political poster boy for Cubans with diametrically opposed ideologies living on both sides of the Florida Straits . Cuba had asked for 28 visas for the trip , for Elian 's father , his stepmother , his little half - brother , a 5th grade boy cousin , the dozen classmates , and a host of teachers , doctors and other specialists . Also on the list was National Assembly President Ricardo Alarcon , who has served as adviser to Gonzalez over the past four months and a senior member of Cuba 's communist leadership . Ultimately , U.S. officials approved and delivered six visas , for the four family members , a pediatrician and Elian 's teacher from his year in kindergarten . 	answer: positive
event: The battle of Elian won in judicial terms in legal terms in political terms starts after the father would traveling to the United States Thursday with his wife , their 6-month - old son story: Castro said as he wound up his speech at Havana 's Karl Marx Theater . Castro 's statement came less than an hour after Gregory Craig , attorney for Elian 's father Juan Miguel Gonzalez , announced in Washington that the father would be  traveling to the United States Thursday with his wife , their 6-month - old son , and with Fernando Remirez , chief of the Cuban Interests Section in Washington . ' ' The Cuban leader said that the U.S. government still did not know how it would transfer Elian to his father , but that it would happen quickly . The Miami kin has been battling to keep him in the United States , saying it can give him a better life off the communist island . Elian 's mother perished along with 10 others when their boat sank during the crossing from Cuba to the United States . Since the tragedy , Elian has become a political poster boy for Cubans with diametrically opposed ideologies living on both sides of the Florida Straits . Cuba had asked for 28 visas for the trip , for Elian 's father , his stepmother , his little half - brother , a 5th grade boy cousin , the dozen classmates , and a host of teachers , doctors and other specialists . Also on the list was National Assembly President Ricardo Alarcon , who has served as adviser to Gonzalez over the past four months and a senior member of Cuba 's communist leadership . Ultimately , U.S. officials approved and delivered six visas , for the four family members , a pediatrician and Elian 's teacher from his year in kindergarten . 	answer: negative
event: Noting that the company is offering to buy back $ 154.2 million in senior notes paying 12 3/4 % he said the response will help determine future debt - reduction efforts starts after The offer automatically triggered by the recent sale of Control Data 's Imprimis disk - drive business to story: Control Data Corp. , which just months ago was hemorrhaging financially , thinks it will be healthy enough soon to consider repurchasing public debt . I 'm not saying everything is hunky - dory , but we have completed the transition , " Robert M. Price , chairman and chief executive , said in an interview . So its senior executives are talking openly about possibly buying back some of the company 's $ 172.5 million in subordinated convertible debentures next year . Noting that the company is offering to buy back $ 154.2 million in senior notes paying 12 3/4 % , he  said the response will help determine future debt - reduction efforts . Ticketron 's automated wagering business , which operates lotteries in a half dozen states , is not for sale , the company said . Rather , Mr. Perlman said , Control Data intends to bid for the coming Minnesota lottery contract and is seeking new applications for the technology overseas , where " there is great interest in games of skill . Control Data 's semiconductor business , VTC Inc. , continues to lose money , the executives acknowledged , but they said they consider some of the technology vital to national defense and so are reluctant to dispose of it . Control Data recently announced an agreement with MIPS Computer Systems Inc. to jointly develop machines with simplified operating software . He disclosed that before Control Data scrapped its ETA Systems Inc. supercomputer business this past spring , those costs were running at nearly 35 % of group revenue . Reviewing the company 's scrape with disaster , Mr. Price conceded it had tried to do too much on its own . " 	answer: positive
event: Noting that the company is offering to buy back $ 154.2 million in senior notes paying 12 3/4 % he said the response will help determine future debt - reduction efforts starts before The offer automatically triggered by the recent sale of Control Data 's Imprimis disk - drive business to story: Control Data Corp. , which just months ago was hemorrhaging financially , thinks it will be healthy enough soon to consider repurchasing public debt . I 'm not saying everything is hunky - dory , but we have completed the transition , " Robert M. Price , chairman and chief executive , said in an interview . So its senior executives are talking openly about possibly buying back some of the company 's $ 172.5 million in subordinated convertible debentures next year . Noting that the company is offering to buy back $ 154.2 million in senior notes paying 12 3/4 % , he  said the response will help determine future debt - reduction efforts . Ticketron 's automated wagering business , which operates lotteries in a half dozen states , is not for sale , the company said . Rather , Mr. Perlman said , Control Data intends to bid for the coming Minnesota lottery contract and is seeking new applications for the technology overseas , where " there is great interest in games of skill . Control Data 's semiconductor business , VTC Inc. , continues to lose money , the executives acknowledged , but they said they consider some of the technology vital to national defense and so are reluctant to dispose of it . Control Data recently announced an agreement with MIPS Computer Systems Inc. to jointly develop machines with simplified operating software . He disclosed that before Control Data scrapped its ETA Systems Inc. supercomputer business this past spring , those costs were running at nearly 35 % of group revenue . Reviewing the company 's scrape with disaster , Mr. Price conceded it had tried to do too much on its own . " 	answer: negative
event: At least 51 people reported killed in clashes between Serb police and ethnic Albanians in the troubled region in recent days starts before Turkey , worried about civil war in Kosovo spilling to the whole Balkans , urged all Balkan states to sign a joint declaration that the Kosovo crisis be solved peacefully and without any change of borders story: ISTANBUL , Turkey ( AP ) _ Some 1,500 ethnic Albanians marched Sunday in downtown Istanbul , burning Serbian flags to protest the killings of ethnic Albanians by Serb police in southern Serb Kosovo province . The police barred the crowd from reaching the Yugoslavian consulate in downtown Istanbul , but allowed them to demonstrate on nearby streets . ` ` Stop the bloodshed in Kosovo , ' ' the protesters chanted . Meanwhile in the capital , Ankara , a few hundred ethnic Albanians laid a black wreath at the gate of Yugoslavian embassy . Ethnic Albanians comprise 90 percent of the population in Kosovo , but Serbs maintain control through a large military and police presence . Serbian police say they are trying to eliminate the pro - independence Kosovo Liberation Army and restore order . At least 51 people were  reported killed in clashes between Serb police and ethnic Albanians in the troubled region in recent days . Turkey , worried about civil war in Kosovo spilling to the whole Balkans ,  urged all Balkan states to sign a joint declaration that the Kosovo crisis be solved peacefully and without any change of borders . Turks feel they have special ties to the whole region , which they ruled for hundreds of years during the Ottoman Empire . They also share Islam with the ethnic Albanians . 	answer: positive
event: At least 51 people reported killed in clashes between Serb police and ethnic Albanians in the troubled region in recent days starts after Turkey , worried about civil war in Kosovo spilling to the whole Balkans , urged all Balkan states to sign a joint declaration that the Kosovo crisis be solved peacefully and without any change of borders story: ISTANBUL , Turkey ( AP ) _ Some 1,500 ethnic Albanians marched Sunday in downtown Istanbul , burning Serbian flags to protest the killings of ethnic Albanians by Serb police in southern Serb Kosovo province . The police barred the crowd from reaching the Yugoslavian consulate in downtown Istanbul , but allowed them to demonstrate on nearby streets . ` ` Stop the bloodshed in Kosovo , ' ' the protesters chanted . Meanwhile in the capital , Ankara , a few hundred ethnic Albanians laid a black wreath at the gate of Yugoslavian embassy . Ethnic Albanians comprise 90 percent of the population in Kosovo , but Serbs maintain control through a large military and police presence . Serbian police say they are trying to eliminate the pro - independence Kosovo Liberation Army and restore order . At least 51 people were  reported killed in clashes between Serb police and ethnic Albanians in the troubled region in recent days . Turkey , worried about civil war in Kosovo spilling to the whole Balkans ,  urged all Balkan states to sign a joint declaration that the Kosovo crisis be solved peacefully and without any change of borders . Turks feel they have special ties to the whole region , which they ruled for hundreds of years during the Ottoman Empire . They also share Islam with the ethnic Albanians . 	answer: negative
event: comes after one of the most bitter charges yet in the custody battle starts after Juan Miguel Gonzalez lashed out at his Miami relatives Sunday night accusing them of ' ' child abuse ' ' for turning his son against him story: MIAMI ( AP ) -- After a weekend of bitter accusations lobbed by both sides of the Elian Gonzalez custody battle , attention returned today to the federal judges deciding a key point in the international case . He has said he will wait out appeals by the Miami relatives seeking an asylum hearing for Elian before the same court -- but only if he has custody of his son . The feeling is the Clinton administration might send federal agents to pull him out of here , ' ' said Sergio Navarro , a 39-year - old Miami businessman who spent part of Sunday night with chanting protesters . Elian 's relatives have cared for him since November , when he was found clinging to an inner tube in the Florida Straits . His mother and 10 other people fleeing Cuba drowned when their boat sank . Juan Miguel Gonzalez  lashed out at his Miami relatives Sunday night , accusing them of ' ' child abuse ' ' for turning his son against him . This is child abuse and mistreatment , what they 're doing to this boy , ' ' He can not decide for himself . The one that decides for him is me , his father . ' ' During the time of the broadcast on Sunday , family members and Elian were outside the home of Lazaro Gonzalez and did not publicly comment after the show . He 's being manipulated totally by Fidel Castro . There are many people who tell us that we should give up this fight , ' ' said Martin Anorga , an evangelical pastor . ' ' 	answer: positive
event: comes after one of the most bitter charges yet in the custody battle starts before Juan Miguel Gonzalez lashed out at his Miami relatives Sunday night accusing them of ' ' child abuse ' ' for turning his son against him story: MIAMI ( AP ) -- After a weekend of bitter accusations lobbed by both sides of the Elian Gonzalez custody battle , attention returned today to the federal judges deciding a key point in the international case . He has said he will wait out appeals by the Miami relatives seeking an asylum hearing for Elian before the same court -- but only if he has custody of his son . The feeling is the Clinton administration might send federal agents to pull him out of here , ' ' said Sergio Navarro , a 39-year - old Miami businessman who spent part of Sunday night with chanting protesters . Elian 's relatives have cared for him since November , when he was found clinging to an inner tube in the Florida Straits . His mother and 10 other people fleeing Cuba drowned when their boat sank . Juan Miguel Gonzalez  lashed out at his Miami relatives Sunday night , accusing them of ' ' child abuse ' ' for turning his son against him . This is child abuse and mistreatment , what they 're doing to this boy , ' ' He can not decide for himself . The one that decides for him is me , his father . ' ' During the time of the broadcast on Sunday , family members and Elian were outside the home of Lazaro Gonzalez and did not publicly comment after the show . He 's being manipulated totally by Fidel Castro . There are many people who tell us that we should give up this fight , ' ' said Martin Anorga , an evangelical pastor . ' ' 	answer: negative
event: I believe they followed the law starts after they followed the law story: ` ` What right does that man have ? ' ' He is no one . Elian was found Thanksgiving Day clinging to an inner tube at sea after his mother , stepfather and eight other people drowned while trying to reach Florida by boat . ' A 1996 law named for him and Sen. Jesse Helms , R - N.C. , strengthened the 1959 trade embargo against Cuba . Neither the lawyers nor Elian 's relatives would comment before the judge 's ruling , which is expected early next week . Clinton said . About 100 protesters marched in front of the federal building in Orlando on Friday night , waving Cuban and American flags and chanting ` ` Cuba libre ' ' and ` ` long live the USA . ' ' ` ` If the child is sent back to Cuba without his day in court , all hell is going to break loose , ' ' said Jose Basulto , founder of Brothers to the Rescue , an anti - Castro group . Elian 's father , his four grandparents and his great - grandmother began weeping as they sat in a row of chairs facing the stage as the group sang of the boy 's mother . The black Labrador chased Elian around the yard and playfully nipped at his blue soccer shorts . ` ` Elian tells me he does not want to go back to Cuba , ' ' said Delfin Gonzalez , another of Elian 's great - uncles . He said Elian wants his family to come here . 	answer: positive
event: I believe they followed the law starts before they followed the law story: ` ` What right does that man have ? ' ' He is no one . Elian was found Thanksgiving Day clinging to an inner tube at sea after his mother , stepfather and eight other people drowned while trying to reach Florida by boat . ' A 1996 law named for him and Sen. Jesse Helms , R - N.C. , strengthened the 1959 trade embargo against Cuba . Neither the lawyers nor Elian 's relatives would comment before the judge 's ruling , which is expected early next week . Clinton said . About 100 protesters marched in front of the federal building in Orlando on Friday night , waving Cuban and American flags and chanting ` ` Cuba libre ' ' and ` ` long live the USA . ' ' ` ` If the child is sent back to Cuba without his day in court , all hell is going to break loose , ' ' said Jose Basulto , founder of Brothers to the Rescue , an anti - Castro group . Elian 's father , his four grandparents and his great - grandmother began weeping as they sat in a row of chairs facing the stage as the group sang of the boy 's mother . The black Labrador chased Elian around the yard and playfully nipped at his blue soccer shorts . ` ` Elian tells me he does not want to go back to Cuba , ' ' said Delfin Gonzalez , another of Elian 's great - uncles . He said Elian wants his family to come here . 	answer: negative
event: it expects it will need about $ 215 million to buy the shares and pay related fees and expenses starts before it will need about $ 215 million to buy the shares and pay related fees and expenses story: A unit of DPC Acquisition Partners launched a $ 10-a - share tender offer for the shares outstanding of Dataproducts Corp. , and said it would seek to liquidate the computer - printer maker " as soon as possible , " even if a merger is n't consummated . DPC Acquisition is controlled by Crescott Investment Associates , Wilson Investment Group , Kernel Corp. and Catalyst Partners . The investor group owns 1,534,600 Dataproducts common shares , or a 7.6 % stake . The offer is based on several conditions , including obtaining financing . DPC Acquisition said it had received the reasonable assurance of Chase Manhattan Bank N.A. that the financing can be obtained . In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , DPC Acquisition said it  expects it will  need about $ 215 million to buy the shares and pay related fees and expenses . DPC Acquisition added that it has not begun discussions with financing sources , and said it expected to repay the amounts borrowed through proceeds of the liquidation . Dataproducts officials declined to comment , and said they had not yet seen a suit filed in federal court by DPC Acquisition that seeks to nullify a standstill agreement between DPC Acquisition and Dataproducts . Earlier this year , DPC Acquisition made a $ 15-a - share offer for Dataproducts , which the Dataproducts board said it rejected because the $ 283.7 million offer was not fully financed . Dataproducts has since started a restructuring , and has said it is not for sale . 	answer: positive
event: it expects it will need about $ 215 million to buy the shares and pay related fees and expenses starts after it will need about $ 215 million to buy the shares and pay related fees and expenses story: A unit of DPC Acquisition Partners launched a $ 10-a - share tender offer for the shares outstanding of Dataproducts Corp. , and said it would seek to liquidate the computer - printer maker " as soon as possible , " even if a merger is n't consummated . DPC Acquisition is controlled by Crescott Investment Associates , Wilson Investment Group , Kernel Corp. and Catalyst Partners . The investor group owns 1,534,600 Dataproducts common shares , or a 7.6 % stake . The offer is based on several conditions , including obtaining financing . DPC Acquisition said it had received the reasonable assurance of Chase Manhattan Bank N.A. that the financing can be obtained . In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , DPC Acquisition said it  expects it will  need about $ 215 million to buy the shares and pay related fees and expenses . DPC Acquisition added that it has not begun discussions with financing sources , and said it expected to repay the amounts borrowed through proceeds of the liquidation . Dataproducts officials declined to comment , and said they had not yet seen a suit filed in federal court by DPC Acquisition that seeks to nullify a standstill agreement between DPC Acquisition and Dataproducts . Earlier this year , DPC Acquisition made a $ 15-a - share offer for Dataproducts , which the Dataproducts board said it rejected because the $ 283.7 million offer was not fully financed . Dataproducts has since started a restructuring , and has said it is not for sale . 	answer: negative
event: DPC Acquisition added that it has not begun discussions with financing sources starts before DPC Acquisition said it expected to repay the amounts borrowed through proceeds of the liquidation story: A unit of DPC Acquisition Partners launched a $ 10-a - share tender offer for the shares outstanding of Dataproducts Corp. , and said it would seek to liquidate the computer - printer maker " as soon as possible , " even if a merger is n't consummated . DPC Acquisition is controlled by Crescott Investment Associates , Wilson Investment Group , Kernel Corp. and Catalyst Partners . The investor group owns 1,534,600 Dataproducts common shares , or a 7.6 % stake . The offer is based on several conditions , including obtaining financing . DPC Acquisition said it had received the reasonable assurance of Chase Manhattan Bank N.A. that the financing can be obtained . In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , DPC Acquisition said it expects it will need about $ 215 million to buy the shares and pay related fees and expenses . DPC Acquisition  added that it has not begun discussions with financing sources , and  said it expected to repay the amounts borrowed through proceeds of the liquidation . Dataproducts officials declined to comment , and said they had not yet seen a suit filed in federal court by DPC Acquisition that seeks to nullify a standstill agreement between DPC Acquisition and Dataproducts . Earlier this year , DPC Acquisition made a $ 15-a - share offer for Dataproducts , which the Dataproducts board said it rejected because the $ 283.7 million offer was not fully financed . Dataproducts has since started a restructuring , and has said it is not for sale . 	answer: positive
event: DPC Acquisition added that it has not begun discussions with financing sources starts after DPC Acquisition said it expected to repay the amounts borrowed through proceeds of the liquidation story: A unit of DPC Acquisition Partners launched a $ 10-a - share tender offer for the shares outstanding of Dataproducts Corp. , and said it would seek to liquidate the computer - printer maker " as soon as possible , " even if a merger is n't consummated . DPC Acquisition is controlled by Crescott Investment Associates , Wilson Investment Group , Kernel Corp. and Catalyst Partners . The investor group owns 1,534,600 Dataproducts common shares , or a 7.6 % stake . The offer is based on several conditions , including obtaining financing . DPC Acquisition said it had received the reasonable assurance of Chase Manhattan Bank N.A. that the financing can be obtained . In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , DPC Acquisition said it expects it will need about $ 215 million to buy the shares and pay related fees and expenses . DPC Acquisition  added that it has not begun discussions with financing sources , and  said it expected to repay the amounts borrowed through proceeds of the liquidation . Dataproducts officials declined to comment , and said they had not yet seen a suit filed in federal court by DPC Acquisition that seeks to nullify a standstill agreement between DPC Acquisition and Dataproducts . Earlier this year , DPC Acquisition made a $ 15-a - share offer for Dataproducts , which the Dataproducts board said it rejected because the $ 283.7 million offer was not fully financed . Dataproducts has since started a restructuring , and has said it is not for sale . 	answer: negative
event: But Reno said the request to Kennedy serves no purpose since the injunction blocking Elian 's return to Cuba still applies starts before If the family fails to file an appeal within 14 days she said the soonest Elian would be free to leave the country would be seven days later story: Elian could be forced to stay longer if the Miami relatives who are seeking asylum for the child over his Cuban father 's objections pursue further appeals . ` ` We acknowledge , as a widely accepted truth , that Cuba does violate human rights and fundamental freedoms and does not guarantee the rule of law to people living in Cuba , ' ' wrote Judge J.L. Edmonson , on behalf of the panel . ` ` We will keep fighting with the laws ... so Elian Gonzalez can live in a free country like his mother wanted , ' ' Lazaro Gonzalez said . Thank you . ' ' Elian was rescued off the coast of Florida by two American fishermen last November after the boat he was in capsized . The Miami relatives appealed that decision , and obtained an injunction requiring Elian to remain in the United States until the asylum question worked its way through the courts . Juan Miguel Gonzalez arrived in the United States April 2 , and Reno ordered the Miami relatives to surrender the child to his father . Protesters were beginning to gather outside the Miami relatives ' home even before the ruling was issued . ` ` This day , in the history of their relations with the United States , will be remembered in the Cuban community in the same way the Bay of Pigs is remembered . ' ' Cuban exiles failed to overthrow Castro in 1961 when the communist leader repelled their invasion at the Bay of Pigs . 	answer: positive
event: But Reno said the request to Kennedy serves no purpose since the injunction blocking Elian 's return to Cuba still applies starts after If the family fails to file an appeal within 14 days she said the soonest Elian would be free to leave the country would be seven days later story: Elian could be forced to stay longer if the Miami relatives who are seeking asylum for the child over his Cuban father 's objections pursue further appeals . ` ` We acknowledge , as a widely accepted truth , that Cuba does violate human rights and fundamental freedoms and does not guarantee the rule of law to people living in Cuba , ' ' wrote Judge J.L. Edmonson , on behalf of the panel . ` ` We will keep fighting with the laws ... so Elian Gonzalez can live in a free country like his mother wanted , ' ' Lazaro Gonzalez said . Thank you . ' ' Elian was rescued off the coast of Florida by two American fishermen last November after the boat he was in capsized . The Miami relatives appealed that decision , and obtained an injunction requiring Elian to remain in the United States until the asylum question worked its way through the courts . Juan Miguel Gonzalez arrived in the United States April 2 , and Reno ordered the Miami relatives to surrender the child to his father . Protesters were beginning to gather outside the Miami relatives ' home even before the ruling was issued . ` ` This day , in the history of their relations with the United States , will be remembered in the Cuban community in the same way the Bay of Pigs is remembered . ' ' Cuban exiles failed to overthrow Castro in 1961 when the communist leader repelled their invasion at the Bay of Pigs . 	answer: negative
event: None of those doctors killed starts before giving the authorities two chances to prosecute story: With the finding of a buried rifle 11 days ago , the authorities in the Buffalo , N.Y. , area say they have gathered enough evidence in the October slaying of Dr. Barnett Slepian to begin presenting a murder case to a state grand jury as early as next week . For now , though , that would be a theoretical advantage since the authorities have admitted they have no idea where Kopp is . It is undergoing testing at the FBI laboratory in Washington , but the authorities have said it resembles the kind of high - powered rifle used in the slaying . Clark said other evidence that prosecutors might present includes a strand of human hair found at the wooded firing site that has a ` ` high likelihood ' ' of matching Kopp 's hair and testimony from a jogger who spotted Kopp 's car near Slepian 's house at 6 a.m. ten days before the shooting . U.S. Attorney Denise E. O'Donnell declined to discuss what federal charges were being pursued , but she said that in a case like this , potential charges would be abortion - related violence , the use of a firearm in an act of violence , crossing state lines to commit a crime , and , if the suspect 's act was tied to an organization , violation of the so - called RICO statutes , which prohibit an organized criminal enterprise . Slepian , 52 , and the father of four boys , was shot to death at 10 p.m. as he stood chatting with his wife in the kitchen of their home in an affluent enclave in Amherst , which is the largest Buffalo suburb . 	answer: positive
event: None of those doctors killed starts after giving the authorities two chances to prosecute story: With the finding of a buried rifle 11 days ago , the authorities in the Buffalo , N.Y. , area say they have gathered enough evidence in the October slaying of Dr. Barnett Slepian to begin presenting a murder case to a state grand jury as early as next week . For now , though , that would be a theoretical advantage since the authorities have admitted they have no idea where Kopp is . It is undergoing testing at the FBI laboratory in Washington , but the authorities have said it resembles the kind of high - powered rifle used in the slaying . Clark said other evidence that prosecutors might present includes a strand of human hair found at the wooded firing site that has a ` ` high likelihood ' ' of matching Kopp 's hair and testimony from a jogger who spotted Kopp 's car near Slepian 's house at 6 a.m. ten days before the shooting . U.S. Attorney Denise E. O'Donnell declined to discuss what federal charges were being pursued , but she said that in a case like this , potential charges would be abortion - related violence , the use of a firearm in an act of violence , crossing state lines to commit a crime , and , if the suspect 's act was tied to an organization , violation of the so - called RICO statutes , which prohibit an organized criminal enterprise . Slepian , 52 , and the father of four boys , was shot to death at 10 p.m. as he stood chatting with his wife in the kitchen of their home in an affluent enclave in Amherst , which is the largest Buffalo suburb . 	answer: negative
event: last month 's discovery of a scope - equipped rifle buried near the Slepian home represented a major breakthrough starts after Slepian , 52 , shot with a rifle story: BUFFALO , N.Y. ( AP ) -- Dr. Barnett Slepian , just back from synagogue , was heating soup in his kitchen last fall when he was gunned down with a single shot through a window . Slepian 's killer is still at large . But for the first time , authorities have named a suspect in the slaying -- anti - abortion activist James Kopp . The federal charge also carries a fine of up to $ 250,000 . Kopp 's whereabouts remain unknown . He was last seen Nov. 3 , the day before authorities issued a material witness warrant in the Slepian shooting in the hope of questioning him . Until Thursday , they had not called Kopp a suspect . Investigators would not divulge the evidence against Kopp but said last month 's discovery of a scope - equipped rifle buried near the Slepian home  represented a major breakthrough . Slepian , 52 , was  shot with a rifle . Kopp also has been linked , through DNA testing , to a strand of hair found near where the sniper fired , law enforcement sources have said . His car was spotted in Slepian 's neighborhood in the weeks before the shooting , and was found abandoned at the Newark , N.J. , airport in December . Kopp is now the second anti - abortion activist being sought by the FBI as a suspect in a fatal attack . Eric Rudolph has been on the run since the January 1998 bombing of a Birmingham , Ala. , abortion clinic that killed an off - duty police officer and maimed a nurse . He also is charged in three Atlanta attacks , including the 1996 Olympic bombing that killed one person . 	answer: positive
event: last month 's discovery of a scope - equipped rifle buried near the Slepian home represented a major breakthrough starts before Slepian , 52 , shot with a rifle story: BUFFALO , N.Y. ( AP ) -- Dr. Barnett Slepian , just back from synagogue , was heating soup in his kitchen last fall when he was gunned down with a single shot through a window . Slepian 's killer is still at large . But for the first time , authorities have named a suspect in the slaying -- anti - abortion activist James Kopp . The federal charge also carries a fine of up to $ 250,000 . Kopp 's whereabouts remain unknown . He was last seen Nov. 3 , the day before authorities issued a material witness warrant in the Slepian shooting in the hope of questioning him . Until Thursday , they had not called Kopp a suspect . Investigators would not divulge the evidence against Kopp but said last month 's discovery of a scope - equipped rifle buried near the Slepian home  represented a major breakthrough . Slepian , 52 , was  shot with a rifle . Kopp also has been linked , through DNA testing , to a strand of hair found near where the sniper fired , law enforcement sources have said . His car was spotted in Slepian 's neighborhood in the weeks before the shooting , and was found abandoned at the Newark , N.J. , airport in December . Kopp is now the second anti - abortion activist being sought by the FBI as a suspect in a fatal attack . Eric Rudolph has been on the run since the January 1998 bombing of a Birmingham , Ala. , abortion clinic that killed an off - duty police officer and maimed a nurse . He also is charged in three Atlanta attacks , including the 1996 Olympic bombing that killed one person . 	answer: negative
event: Mr. Antar pump the company 's stock price through false financial statements in order to sell his stake and reap huge profits starts before Mr. Antar the SEC said made more than $ 60 million from the sale of his shares between 1985 and 1987 story: The warning by the U.S. attorney 's office follows two decisions by the U.S. Supreme Court last June . In those cases , the high court ruled that federal law gives prosecutors broad authority to seize assets of people accused of racketeering and drug - related crimes , including fees paid to lawyers before an indictment . If the government succeeds in seizing Mr. Antar 's assets , he could be left without top - flight legal representation , because his attorneys are likely to quit , according to individuals familiar with the case . A seizure also would make the case the largest -- and one of the first -- in which lawyers ' fees have been confiscated in a prosecution unrelated to drugs . Prosecutors have told Mr. Antar 's attorneys that they believe Mr. Antar 's allegedly ill - gotten gains are so great that any money he has used to pay attorneys derives from illegal activities . In Newark , U.S. Attorney Samuel A. Alito said , " I do n't think there 's any legal reason to limit forfeiture of attorney 's fees to drug cases . Mr. Alito said his office " just responded to an attorney 's question about whether we would go after attorney 's fees , and that is different from actually doing it , although we reserve that right . Mr. Antar was charged last month in a civil suit filed in federal court in Newark by the Securities and Exchange Commission . Mr. Antar , the SEC  said , made more than $ 60 million from the sale of his shares between 1985 and 1987 . 	answer: positive
event: Mr. Antar pump the company 's stock price through false financial statements in order to sell his stake and reap huge profits starts after Mr. Antar the SEC said made more than $ 60 million from the sale of his shares between 1985 and 1987 story: The warning by the U.S. attorney 's office follows two decisions by the U.S. Supreme Court last June . In those cases , the high court ruled that federal law gives prosecutors broad authority to seize assets of people accused of racketeering and drug - related crimes , including fees paid to lawyers before an indictment . If the government succeeds in seizing Mr. Antar 's assets , he could be left without top - flight legal representation , because his attorneys are likely to quit , according to individuals familiar with the case . A seizure also would make the case the largest -- and one of the first -- in which lawyers ' fees have been confiscated in a prosecution unrelated to drugs . Prosecutors have told Mr. Antar 's attorneys that they believe Mr. Antar 's allegedly ill - gotten gains are so great that any money he has used to pay attorneys derives from illegal activities . In Newark , U.S. Attorney Samuel A. Alito said , " I do n't think there 's any legal reason to limit forfeiture of attorney 's fees to drug cases . Mr. Alito said his office " just responded to an attorney 's question about whether we would go after attorney 's fees , and that is different from actually doing it , although we reserve that right . Mr. Antar was charged last month in a civil suit filed in federal court in Newark by the Securities and Exchange Commission . Mr. Antar , the SEC  said , made more than $ 60 million from the sale of his shares between 1985 and 1987 . 	answer: negative
event: the only person authorized to represent him starts before A district court judge upheld the federal agency story: The ruling follows six months of international family infighting , political recriminations and wide - spread protests in both Miami and Cuba over the fate of the 6-year - old boy . The appellate ruling made it clear the court takes no joy in lifting an obstacle to Elian 's return to Cuba . The judges denied , however , a request by Elian 's father to name him instead of great - uncle Lazaro Gonzalez as Elian 's representative in the continued court proceedings . ` ` We will keep fighting with the laws ... so Elian Gonzalez can live in a free country like his mother wanted , ' ' Lazaro Gonzalez said . Switching to English , he said , ` ` I want to thank the American people . Thank you . ' ' A district court judge  upheld the federal agency . The Miami relatives appealed that decision , and obtained an injunction requiring Elian to remain in the United States until the asylum question worked its way through the courts . Juan Miguel Gonzalez arrived in the United States April 2 , and Reno ordered the Miami relatives to surrender the child to his father . The family refused , and federal agents took the child by force in a pre - dawn raid on the Miami relatives ' home on April 22 . If the family fails to file an appeal within 14 days , she said , the soonest Elian would be free to leave the country would be seven days later . The government called the 14-day waiting period ` ` another concession to the ` mafia ' _ a disparaging term the government frequently uses to describe Miami 's exile Cuban community . 	answer: positive
event: the only person authorized to represent him starts after A district court judge upheld the federal agency story: The ruling follows six months of international family infighting , political recriminations and wide - spread protests in both Miami and Cuba over the fate of the 6-year - old boy . The appellate ruling made it clear the court takes no joy in lifting an obstacle to Elian 's return to Cuba . The judges denied , however , a request by Elian 's father to name him instead of great - uncle Lazaro Gonzalez as Elian 's representative in the continued court proceedings . ` ` We will keep fighting with the laws ... so Elian Gonzalez can live in a free country like his mother wanted , ' ' Lazaro Gonzalez said . Switching to English , he said , ` ` I want to thank the American people . Thank you . ' ' A district court judge  upheld the federal agency . The Miami relatives appealed that decision , and obtained an injunction requiring Elian to remain in the United States until the asylum question worked its way through the courts . Juan Miguel Gonzalez arrived in the United States April 2 , and Reno ordered the Miami relatives to surrender the child to his father . The family refused , and federal agents took the child by force in a pre - dawn raid on the Miami relatives ' home on April 22 . If the family fails to file an appeal within 14 days , she said , the soonest Elian would be free to leave the country would be seven days later . The government called the 14-day waiting period ` ` another concession to the ` mafia ' _ a disparaging term the government frequently uses to describe Miami 's exile Cuban community . 	answer: negative
event: the rhetoric of the anti - abortion movement helped lead to violent attacks against abortion providers starts before I think that when pro - life organizations try to distinguish between themselves and these incidents they are at best being disingenuous story: Additional details of the slaying emerged on Sunday . Slepian 's lawyer , Glenn Edward Murray , said the sniper 's bullet entered through a partially draped kitchen window , hit Slepian in the back and exited through his chest . Just over an hour later , he was declared dead at nearby Millard Fillmore Suburban Hospital . But one abortion opponent , the Rev. Donald Spitz , the founder of Pro - Life Virginia , described Slepian 's killer as a ` ` hero ' ' for ending the physician 's ` ` bloodthirsty practice . ' ' ` ` We as Christians have a responsibility to protect the innocent from being murdered , ' ' Most other opponents of abortion , however , condemned the shooting and abortion . In his Sunday Mass at St. Patrick 's Cathedral in New York , Cardinal John O'Connor called the murder wrong but he urged those angered by the slaying to be equally angered by abortions . Bishop Henry Mansell of the Archdiocese of Buffalo said it was ` ` an act of madness , ' ' Many residents said abortion had gradually dwindled as a local issue since Operation Rescue , an anti - abortion group , started a series of largely unsuccessful ` ` Spring of Life ' ' demonstrations in 1992 intended to shut down abortion clinics and harass local doctors , including Slepian . ` ` The only people that are left are the hard - core , fanatical people , ' ' said Larry Finkelstien , a high school teacher who works as an escort at abortion clinics . 	answer: positive
event: the rhetoric of the anti - abortion movement helped lead to violent attacks against abortion providers starts after I think that when pro - life organizations try to distinguish between themselves and these incidents they are at best being disingenuous story: Additional details of the slaying emerged on Sunday . Slepian 's lawyer , Glenn Edward Murray , said the sniper 's bullet entered through a partially draped kitchen window , hit Slepian in the back and exited through his chest . Just over an hour later , he was declared dead at nearby Millard Fillmore Suburban Hospital . But one abortion opponent , the Rev. Donald Spitz , the founder of Pro - Life Virginia , described Slepian 's killer as a ` ` hero ' ' for ending the physician 's ` ` bloodthirsty practice . ' ' ` ` We as Christians have a responsibility to protect the innocent from being murdered , ' ' Most other opponents of abortion , however , condemned the shooting and abortion . In his Sunday Mass at St. Patrick 's Cathedral in New York , Cardinal John O'Connor called the murder wrong but he urged those angered by the slaying to be equally angered by abortions . Bishop Henry Mansell of the Archdiocese of Buffalo said it was ` ` an act of madness , ' ' Many residents said abortion had gradually dwindled as a local issue since Operation Rescue , an anti - abortion group , started a series of largely unsuccessful ` ` Spring of Life ' ' demonstrations in 1992 intended to shut down abortion clinics and harass local doctors , including Slepian . ` ` The only people that are left are the hard - core , fanatical people , ' ' said Larry Finkelstien , a high school teacher who works as an escort at abortion clinics . 	answer: negative
event: Lech Walesa who was then the president of Poland starts before they took place after the opening of the Holocaust Museum story: Mo. _ But the policy also faced critics , who argued that welcoming these three new countries would draw a new line across Europe and antagonize the Russians . And we know that if , past is prologue , we face a future in which weapons will be more destructive at longer distances than ever before . ' ' It was the spiritual homecoming to the West that all three foreign ministers stressed . ` ` Poland forever returns where she has always belonged _ the free world , ' ' said Bronislaw Geremek , the foreign minister of Poland , who was a dissident during the Communist era . Similarly , the Hungarian foreign minister , Janos Martonyi , who remembers the 1956 uprising as a 13-year - old , said that membership of NATO meant that Hungary was returning ` ` to her natural habitat . ' ' ` ` It has been our manifest destiny to rejoin those with whom we share the same values , interests and goals , ' ' he said . The secretary made the fairly unorthodox decision to choose a site outside Washington because she wanted the ceremony to resonate with the memories of President Truman , under whom NATO was founded . Their message was that NATO should be used as the mechanism to secure the democratic progress of their countries and at the same dissuade Russia from any more imperial designs . The U.S. ambassador to Poland , Dan Fried , who was then on the National Security Council , said Friday that he remembered being asked to help ` ` turn this pious wish into a policy . ' 	answer: positive
event: Lech Walesa who was then the president of Poland starts after they took place after the opening of the Holocaust Museum story: Mo. _ But the policy also faced critics , who argued that welcoming these three new countries would draw a new line across Europe and antagonize the Russians . And we know that if , past is prologue , we face a future in which weapons will be more destructive at longer distances than ever before . ' ' It was the spiritual homecoming to the West that all three foreign ministers stressed . ` ` Poland forever returns where she has always belonged _ the free world , ' ' said Bronislaw Geremek , the foreign minister of Poland , who was a dissident during the Communist era . Similarly , the Hungarian foreign minister , Janos Martonyi , who remembers the 1956 uprising as a 13-year - old , said that membership of NATO meant that Hungary was returning ` ` to her natural habitat . ' ' ` ` It has been our manifest destiny to rejoin those with whom we share the same values , interests and goals , ' ' he said . The secretary made the fairly unorthodox decision to choose a site outside Washington because she wanted the ceremony to resonate with the memories of President Truman , under whom NATO was founded . Their message was that NATO should be used as the mechanism to secure the democratic progress of their countries and at the same dissuade Russia from any more imperial designs . The U.S. ambassador to Poland , Dan Fried , who was then on the National Security Council , said Friday that he remembered being asked to help ` ` turn this pious wish into a policy . ' 	answer: negative
event: He told me so starts before He 's told me so Gonzalez said story: After a weekend of bitter accusations lobbed by both sides of the Elian Gonzalez custody battle , attention returned today to the federal judges deciding a key point in the international case . He has said he will wait out appeals by the Miami relatives seeking an asylum hearing for Elian before the same court -- but only if he has custody of his son . The feeling is the Clinton administration might send federal agents to pull him out of here , ' ' said Sergio Navarro , a 39-year - old Miami businessman who spent part of Sunday night with chanting protesters . His mother and 10 other people fleeing Cuba drowned when their boat sank . The Clinton administration has pushed for the boy 's return to his father , ruling only he can speak for his son on immigration matters . He said they have manipulated his son to believe that his mother still may show up someday -- in this country . ' ' The way they 're abusing him , turning him against his father ... He has spoken with Elian at least three times since he arrived in the United States on April 6 , and he insisted his son wants to return to Cuba . ' ' He 's  told me so , ' ' Gonzalez  said . The one that decides for him is me , his father . ' ' During the time of the broadcast on Sunday , family members and Elian were outside the home of Lazaro Gonzalez and did not publicly comment after the show . He 's not telling the truth . ' ' 	answer: positive
event: He told me so starts after He 's told me so Gonzalez said story: After a weekend of bitter accusations lobbed by both sides of the Elian Gonzalez custody battle , attention returned today to the federal judges deciding a key point in the international case . He has said he will wait out appeals by the Miami relatives seeking an asylum hearing for Elian before the same court -- but only if he has custody of his son . The feeling is the Clinton administration might send federal agents to pull him out of here , ' ' said Sergio Navarro , a 39-year - old Miami businessman who spent part of Sunday night with chanting protesters . His mother and 10 other people fleeing Cuba drowned when their boat sank . The Clinton administration has pushed for the boy 's return to his father , ruling only he can speak for his son on immigration matters . He said they have manipulated his son to believe that his mother still may show up someday -- in this country . ' ' The way they 're abusing him , turning him against his father ... He has spoken with Elian at least three times since he arrived in the United States on April 6 , and he insisted his son wants to return to Cuba . ' ' He 's  told me so , ' ' Gonzalez  said . The one that decides for him is me , his father . ' ' During the time of the broadcast on Sunday , family members and Elian were outside the home of Lazaro Gonzalez and did not publicly comment after the show . He 's not telling the truth . ' ' 	answer: negative
event: growing apprehension starts after the Little Havana home where the boy lived with his great - uncle for nearly five months story: After a weekend of bitter accusations lobbed by both sides of the Elian Gonzalez custody battle , attention returned today to the federal judges deciding a key point in the international case . ' The court watch comes after one of the most bitter charges yet in the custody battle . Juan Miguel Gonzalez lashed out at his Miami relatives Sunday night , accusing them of ' ' child abuse ' ' for turning his son against him . he 's suffering more here amongst them than he suffered in the sea . ' ' Gonzalez said he did n't believe a much - publicized video taped at the relatives ' home in which his son said he did n't want to go . The Miami relatives are ` ` putting a bunch of toys in front of a 6-year - old . The one that decides for him is me , his father . ' ' Elian 's Miami relatives have filed affidavits alleging Gonzalez abused his former wife and his 6-year - old son , a charge Gonzalez denied . Protesters , however , dismissed Juan Miguel 's comments as either selfish or the words of Fidel Castro . ' ' Fidel Castro is claiming the son , not him , ' ' said Olga Coto , 56 , of Miami . ' ' Earlier Sunday , protesters prayed for divine help as Easter week began , waving palm fronds and posters of the Cuban boy and Jesus . Priests joined the crowd to offer a religious service . ' ' But we will follow in the path that the Lord has shown us , despite those who want to get in our way . ' ' 	answer: positive
event: growing apprehension starts before the Little Havana home where the boy lived with his great - uncle for nearly five months story: After a weekend of bitter accusations lobbed by both sides of the Elian Gonzalez custody battle , attention returned today to the federal judges deciding a key point in the international case . ' The court watch comes after one of the most bitter charges yet in the custody battle . Juan Miguel Gonzalez lashed out at his Miami relatives Sunday night , accusing them of ' ' child abuse ' ' for turning his son against him . he 's suffering more here amongst them than he suffered in the sea . ' ' Gonzalez said he did n't believe a much - publicized video taped at the relatives ' home in which his son said he did n't want to go . The Miami relatives are ` ` putting a bunch of toys in front of a 6-year - old . The one that decides for him is me , his father . ' ' Elian 's Miami relatives have filed affidavits alleging Gonzalez abused his former wife and his 6-year - old son , a charge Gonzalez denied . Protesters , however , dismissed Juan Miguel 's comments as either selfish or the words of Fidel Castro . ' ' Fidel Castro is claiming the son , not him , ' ' said Olga Coto , 56 , of Miami . ' ' Earlier Sunday , protesters prayed for divine help as Easter week began , waving palm fronds and posters of the Cuban boy and Jesus . Priests joined the crowd to offer a religious service . ' ' But we will follow in the path that the Lord has shown us , despite those who want to get in our way . ' ' 	answer: negative
event: Shoney 's said the latest restructuring affected bank indebtedness that was incurred to finance $ 585 million of the company 's $ 728 million recapitalization that took place in 1988 starts after The company made payments of $ 175 million against the original $ 585 million of bank debt incurred in connection with the recapitalization story: Shoney 's Inc. said it will report a write - off of $ 2.5 million , or seven cents a share , for its fourth quarter ended yesterday . The restaurant operator cited transaction costs from its 1988 recapitalization as a result of a $ 160 million restructuring of its bank debt . The write - off will be reported as an extraordinary item in the company 's 1989 operating results . In addition , the effective interest rate on the $ 410 million of total remaining bank debt after the restructuring is 10.66 % . The combined effect of these changes is expected to save the company about $ 4 million in interest expenses next year , or six cents a share . Shoney 's  said the latest restructuring affected bank indebtedness that was incurred to finance $ 585 million of the company 's $ 728 million recapitalization that took place in 1988 . The company has  made payments of $ 175 million against the original $ 585 million of bank debt incurred in connection with the recapitalization . These payments consisted of $ 54 million in scheduled payments and $ 121 million in prepayments , funded by $ 82.8 million from operating cash flow , zero - coupon subordinated debt and assets sales . 	answer: positive
event: Shoney 's said the latest restructuring affected bank indebtedness that was incurred to finance $ 585 million of the company 's $ 728 million recapitalization that took place in 1988 starts before The company made payments of $ 175 million against the original $ 585 million of bank debt incurred in connection with the recapitalization story: Shoney 's Inc. said it will report a write - off of $ 2.5 million , or seven cents a share , for its fourth quarter ended yesterday . The restaurant operator cited transaction costs from its 1988 recapitalization as a result of a $ 160 million restructuring of its bank debt . The write - off will be reported as an extraordinary item in the company 's 1989 operating results . In addition , the effective interest rate on the $ 410 million of total remaining bank debt after the restructuring is 10.66 % . The combined effect of these changes is expected to save the company about $ 4 million in interest expenses next year , or six cents a share . Shoney 's  said the latest restructuring affected bank indebtedness that was incurred to finance $ 585 million of the company 's $ 728 million recapitalization that took place in 1988 . The company has  made payments of $ 175 million against the original $ 585 million of bank debt incurred in connection with the recapitalization . These payments consisted of $ 54 million in scheduled payments and $ 121 million in prepayments , funded by $ 82.8 million from operating cash flow , zero - coupon subordinated debt and assets sales . 	answer: negative
event: an " initiative " designed as much to rally Arab public opinion as to launch meaningful negotiations starts after land claimed by Palestinians story: He apparently hopes to lure support from Arabs who have spurned him so far by suggesting that Iraq will use its occupation of Kuwait as a lever to solve the Arab world 's most frustrating problem , the 23-year Israeli occupation of land  claimed by Palestinians . Other Bush administration officials said that the international naval force in the area -- consisting of American , British , French , Canadian , Soviet , German and Australian ships -- may be used both to stop oil exports from leaving Iraq and Kuwait and to stop shipments of food and other goods from going in . The main thing is to stop the oil from coming out of there . " Then yesterday , he tried to entice Arab leaders with his proposal for a diplomatic solution linking his occupation of Kuwait with Israel 's occupation of the West Bank . Israel has publicly declared that it will respond to an Iraqi attack on Jordan because it wo n't allow Iraq 's dangerous army to take control of Jordan 's long border with Israel . But U.S. officials have sized up Saddam Hussein as a man who , despite some recklessness , will back down if he must . The official adds , though , that " at the same time , we think he is someone who is capable of rational judgments when it comes to power . That shows he 's nervous about pinpointing his location , either because he 's afraid we 'll find him , or that internal enemies will , " says one U.S. official . The unpredictability of Iraq 's leader is a principal reason the U.S. is going to such great lengths to build a mammoth force in and around Saudi Arabia . 	answer: positive
event: an " initiative " designed as much to rally Arab public opinion as to launch meaningful negotiations starts before land claimed by Palestinians story: He apparently hopes to lure support from Arabs who have spurned him so far by suggesting that Iraq will use its occupation of Kuwait as a lever to solve the Arab world 's most frustrating problem , the 23-year Israeli occupation of land  claimed by Palestinians . Other Bush administration officials said that the international naval force in the area -- consisting of American , British , French , Canadian , Soviet , German and Australian ships -- may be used both to stop oil exports from leaving Iraq and Kuwait and to stop shipments of food and other goods from going in . The main thing is to stop the oil from coming out of there . " Then yesterday , he tried to entice Arab leaders with his proposal for a diplomatic solution linking his occupation of Kuwait with Israel 's occupation of the West Bank . Israel has publicly declared that it will respond to an Iraqi attack on Jordan because it wo n't allow Iraq 's dangerous army to take control of Jordan 's long border with Israel . But U.S. officials have sized up Saddam Hussein as a man who , despite some recklessness , will back down if he must . The official adds , though , that " at the same time , we think he is someone who is capable of rational judgments when it comes to power . That shows he 's nervous about pinpointing his location , either because he 's afraid we 'll find him , or that internal enemies will , " says one U.S. official . The unpredictability of Iraq 's leader is a principal reason the U.S. is going to such great lengths to build a mammoth force in and around Saudi Arabia . 	answer: negative
event: Ted Eubank , Coda 's president , said the loan carries an interest rate of prime plus one percentage point , with 85 % of the company 's net oil and gas revenue each month dedicated to repayment starts after each month dedicated to repayment story: Coda Energy Inc. said it arranged a $ 50 million credit facility with NCNB Texas National Bank , a unit of NCNB Corp. , of Charlotte , N.C. The Dallas oil and gas concern said that $ 10 million of the facility would be used to consolidate the company 's $ 8.1 million of existing bank debt , to repurchase 4 million of its 4.9 million shares outstanding of Series D convertible preferred stock , and to purchase a 10 % net - profits interest in certain oil and gas properties from one of its existing lenders , National Canada Corp. The remaining $ 40 million can be used over three years for oil and gas acquisitions , the company said . Ted Eubank , Coda 's president ,  said the loan carries an interest rate of prime plus one percentage point , with 85 % of the company 's net oil and gas revenue each month  dedicated to repayment . The company put up " virtually all " of its oil and gas properties as collateral , he said . 	answer: positive
event: Ted Eubank , Coda 's president , said the loan carries an interest rate of prime plus one percentage point , with 85 % of the company 's net oil and gas revenue each month dedicated to repayment starts before each month dedicated to repayment story: Coda Energy Inc. said it arranged a $ 50 million credit facility with NCNB Texas National Bank , a unit of NCNB Corp. , of Charlotte , N.C. The Dallas oil and gas concern said that $ 10 million of the facility would be used to consolidate the company 's $ 8.1 million of existing bank debt , to repurchase 4 million of its 4.9 million shares outstanding of Series D convertible preferred stock , and to purchase a 10 % net - profits interest in certain oil and gas properties from one of its existing lenders , National Canada Corp. The remaining $ 40 million can be used over three years for oil and gas acquisitions , the company said . Ted Eubank , Coda 's president ,  said the loan carries an interest rate of prime plus one percentage point , with 85 % of the company 's net oil and gas revenue each month  dedicated to repayment . The company put up " virtually all " of its oil and gas properties as collateral , he said . 	answer: negative
event: calculating that it would be a mistake to underestimate and an advantage to keep Saddam Hussein guessing starts after U.S. commanders in charge of planning for Middle East crises indicated in the past that they were capable of deploying as many as 300,000 troops story: " The president responded , " Everything , everything . " " The naval interdiction force is part of an overall American strategy that officials say is designed to leave the Iraqi leader with only the stark choice of backing out of Kuwait or launching new attacks to change his situation . And President Bush yesterday , asked whether he was at least glad Iraq is discussing negotiations , replied : " I do n't see anything to be pleasing in there at all . At that point , rather than go through the humiliation of backing out of Kuwait , the Iraqis might well conclude that they need to lash out in some way to shake things up . The second possibility would be to start a fight with Israel , in hopes that all Arabs would have to move behind Iraq in a fight against their common Israeli enemy . If Iraq chooses a simple war of nerves and economic attrition , the Bush administration knows a long stalemate could try the patience of the American public and the West in general , and could open the possibility that moderate Arabs -- even including Saudi Arabia -- might drop out of the effort against Iraq and accept some deal from Saddam Hussein . In the first days after President Bush announced the dispatching of U.S. troops , they note , the Iraqi leader made several nationwide addresses indirectly -- having them read by a television announcer . That shows he 's nervous about pinpointing his location , either because he 's afraid we 'll find him , or that internal enemies will , " says one U.S. official . 	answer: positive
event: calculating that it would be a mistake to underestimate and an advantage to keep Saddam Hussein guessing starts before U.S. commanders in charge of planning for Middle East crises indicated in the past that they were capable of deploying as many as 300,000 troops story: " The president responded , " Everything , everything . " " The naval interdiction force is part of an overall American strategy that officials say is designed to leave the Iraqi leader with only the stark choice of backing out of Kuwait or launching new attacks to change his situation . And President Bush yesterday , asked whether he was at least glad Iraq is discussing negotiations , replied : " I do n't see anything to be pleasing in there at all . At that point , rather than go through the humiliation of backing out of Kuwait , the Iraqis might well conclude that they need to lash out in some way to shake things up . The second possibility would be to start a fight with Israel , in hopes that all Arabs would have to move behind Iraq in a fight against their common Israeli enemy . If Iraq chooses a simple war of nerves and economic attrition , the Bush administration knows a long stalemate could try the patience of the American public and the West in general , and could open the possibility that moderate Arabs -- even including Saudi Arabia -- might drop out of the effort against Iraq and accept some deal from Saddam Hussein . In the first days after President Bush announced the dispatching of U.S. troops , they note , the Iraqi leader made several nationwide addresses indirectly -- having them read by a television announcer . That shows he 's nervous about pinpointing his location , either because he 's afraid we 'll find him , or that internal enemies will , " says one U.S. official . 	answer: negative
event: U.S. Secretary of State Madeleine Albright invited Polish Foreign Minister Bronisaw Geremek to visit the United States starts before He will then travel to Washington DC on March 12 to submit the document story: WARSAW , February 26 ( Xinhua ) -- The presidents of Poland and the Czech Republic have signed papers of accession in simultaneous ceremonies -- broadcast live on Polish television in Warsaw and Prague -- to become members of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization ( NATO ) . Poland 's Aleksander Kwasniewski and Vaclav Havel signed the preparatory documents in their presidential palaces . Polish Defense Minister Janusz Onyszkiewicz and other senior military officers were also present at the ceremony . Poland , the Czech Republic and Hungary , who were invited to join NATO in Madrid in July 1997 , will officially join NATO on March 12 in a ceremony in Independence , Missouri . Hungarian head of state Arpad Goencz signed Budapest 's accession document on February 10 . U.S. Secretary of State Madeleine Albright has  invited Polish Foreign Minister Bronisaw Geremek to visit the United States . He will then  travel to Washington DC on March 12 to submit the document . 	answer: positive
event: U.S. Secretary of State Madeleine Albright invited Polish Foreign Minister Bronisaw Geremek to visit the United States starts after He will then travel to Washington DC on March 12 to submit the document story: WARSAW , February 26 ( Xinhua ) -- The presidents of Poland and the Czech Republic have signed papers of accession in simultaneous ceremonies -- broadcast live on Polish television in Warsaw and Prague -- to become members of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization ( NATO ) . Poland 's Aleksander Kwasniewski and Vaclav Havel signed the preparatory documents in their presidential palaces . Polish Defense Minister Janusz Onyszkiewicz and other senior military officers were also present at the ceremony . Poland , the Czech Republic and Hungary , who were invited to join NATO in Madrid in July 1997 , will officially join NATO on March 12 in a ceremony in Independence , Missouri . Hungarian head of state Arpad Goencz signed Budapest 's accession document on February 10 . U.S. Secretary of State Madeleine Albright has  invited Polish Foreign Minister Bronisaw Geremek to visit the United States . He will then  travel to Washington DC on March 12 to submit the document . 	answer: negative
event: a fax explaining that abortion providers were warned that one of them might be targeted for assassination starts after abortion providers warned that one of them might be targeted for assassination story: BUFFALO , N.Y. ( AP ) -- A nurse who was critically injured in the 1998 abortion clinic bombing in Birmingham , Ala. , was among those who attended the interfaith ceremony at a Presbyterian church for Dr. Barnett Slepian . Police kept watch outside and about 25 undercover police were scattered throughout the crowd . ` ` Security is tight , ' ' said Marilynn Buckham , of Buffalo Gyn Womanservices , a sponsor of the ceremony . ` ` But it 's not tonight we 're worried about . It 's all of the other dark nights . ' ' A memorial service planned at the University of Rochester for Saturday was canceled after security plans were leaked . Slepian was killed on Oct. 23 , 1999 by a sniper hiding in his backyard . Earlier that day , the Slepian family sent a fax to local police  explaining that abortion providers were  warned that one of them might be targeted for assassination . On May 6 , James Kopp , 44 , was charged with the slaying . Kopp remains at - large and police admit that despite a worldwide search and a $ 1 million reward , they do n't know where he is . ` ` It 's very frustrating knowing that he 's out there , ' ' said Ms. Buckham . A tearful audience also listened to registered nurse Emily Lyons , who has undergone a number of operations since the Alabama clinic bombing and has permanently damaged eyesight . She spoke of Slepian and other abortion providers who have been killed . 	answer: positive
event: a fax explaining that abortion providers were warned that one of them might be targeted for assassination starts before abortion providers warned that one of them might be targeted for assassination story: BUFFALO , N.Y. ( AP ) -- A nurse who was critically injured in the 1998 abortion clinic bombing in Birmingham , Ala. , was among those who attended the interfaith ceremony at a Presbyterian church for Dr. Barnett Slepian . Police kept watch outside and about 25 undercover police were scattered throughout the crowd . ` ` Security is tight , ' ' said Marilynn Buckham , of Buffalo Gyn Womanservices , a sponsor of the ceremony . ` ` But it 's not tonight we 're worried about . It 's all of the other dark nights . ' ' A memorial service planned at the University of Rochester for Saturday was canceled after security plans were leaked . Slepian was killed on Oct. 23 , 1999 by a sniper hiding in his backyard . Earlier that day , the Slepian family sent a fax to local police  explaining that abortion providers were  warned that one of them might be targeted for assassination . On May 6 , James Kopp , 44 , was charged with the slaying . Kopp remains at - large and police admit that despite a worldwide search and a $ 1 million reward , they do n't know where he is . ` ` It 's very frustrating knowing that he 's out there , ' ' said Ms. Buckham . A tearful audience also listened to registered nurse Emily Lyons , who has undergone a number of operations since the Alabama clinic bombing and has permanently damaged eyesight . She spoke of Slepian and other abortion providers who have been killed . 	answer: negative
event: Federal law enforcement officials said Wednesday that they had concluded that James Kopp , an impassioned and nomadic opponent of abortion , fired the shots that killed a Buffalo , N.Y. , abortion - clinic doctor last October starts after buried near the doctor 's house story: Federal law enforcement officials  said Wednesday that they had concluded that James Kopp , an impassioned and nomadic opponent of abortion , fired the shots that killed a Buffalo , N.Y. , abortion - clinic doctor last October . _ officials said they had decided to issue a warrant for his arrest in the killing of Dr. Barnett Slepian . Erie County District Attorney Frank Clark , Bernard Tolbert , the special FBI agent in charge of the Buffalo office , and other investigators will also be there . If Kopp were also indicted and convicted on state murder charges , he could face the death penalty . Slepian , a 52-year - old obstetrician and gynecologist who was the mainstay of Buffalo 's only abortion clinic , was shot to death on the night of Oct. 23 as he stood in the kitchen of his home in suburban Amherst , N.Y. chatting with his wife and one of his four sons . No weapon was recovered in the first police searches of the area around Slepian 's home . Clark , the Erie district attorney , said afterwards that investigators think the doctor 's killer buried the rifle in the days before the shooting , unearthed the weapon to fire the fatal shots , then hurriedly reburied it and fled . A jogger observed Kopp 's car at 6 a.m. near Slepian 's home 10 days before the murder , and , curious why a stranger would be parked there so early , wrote down the license plate number . 	answer: positive
event: Federal law enforcement officials said Wednesday that they had concluded that James Kopp , an impassioned and nomadic opponent of abortion , fired the shots that killed a Buffalo , N.Y. , abortion - clinic doctor last October starts before buried near the doctor 's house story: Federal law enforcement officials  said Wednesday that they had concluded that James Kopp , an impassioned and nomadic opponent of abortion , fired the shots that killed a Buffalo , N.Y. , abortion - clinic doctor last October . _ officials said they had decided to issue a warrant for his arrest in the killing of Dr. Barnett Slepian . Erie County District Attorney Frank Clark , Bernard Tolbert , the special FBI agent in charge of the Buffalo office , and other investigators will also be there . If Kopp were also indicted and convicted on state murder charges , he could face the death penalty . Slepian , a 52-year - old obstetrician and gynecologist who was the mainstay of Buffalo 's only abortion clinic , was shot to death on the night of Oct. 23 as he stood in the kitchen of his home in suburban Amherst , N.Y. chatting with his wife and one of his four sons . No weapon was recovered in the first police searches of the area around Slepian 's home . Clark , the Erie district attorney , said afterwards that investigators think the doctor 's killer buried the rifle in the days before the shooting , unearthed the weapon to fire the fatal shots , then hurriedly reburied it and fled . A jogger observed Kopp 's car at 6 a.m. near Slepian 's home 10 days before the murder , and , curious why a stranger would be parked there so early , wrote down the license plate number . 	answer: negative
event: said the outbreak of holy war could bring thousands of Americans home in coffins starts after he saw little reason to be optimistic about a settlement of the dispute , which stems from Iraq 's invasion of oil - wealthy Kuwait and its subsequent military buildup on the border of Saudi Arabia story: At a news conference , Secretary of State James A. Baker III said Jordan ` ` is seeking some guidance ' ' about a provision in the U.N.-backed trade embargo that allows food for humanitarian purposes . ` ` Very few ' ' of the 2,500 Americans in occupied Kuwait complied with the order , a senior U.S. official told The Associated Press . A total of about 3,000 Americans , 3,000 Britons and more than 450 Japanese are in Iraq and Kuwait . Iraq has called them ` ` restrictees . ' ' ` ` We 're there to stay for a fairly lengthy period . ' ' That could include firing across the bow to halt a ship . In the air , U.S. Air Force fliers say they have engaged in ` ` a little cat and mouse ' ' with Iraqi warplanes , which have retreated when weapons radar locks onto them . one U.S. crew chief said . In Kuwait , the Iraqis have rimmed the capital city with an air - defense system , according to a U.S. official who spoke on the condition of anonymity . The Iraqis also possess chemical weapons . The quarantine hopes to staunch the flow of Iraqi oil , which is Iraq 's economic lifeblood , and clamp down on food and supplies going in . Aqaba is Iraq 's only outlet now that an international noose has tightened . The Jordanian monarch met this week with Saddam , but he told reporters he had no message from Baghdad . 	answer: positive
event: said the outbreak of holy war could bring thousands of Americans home in coffins starts before he saw little reason to be optimistic about a settlement of the dispute , which stems from Iraq 's invasion of oil - wealthy Kuwait and its subsequent military buildup on the border of Saudi Arabia story: At a news conference , Secretary of State James A. Baker III said Jordan ` ` is seeking some guidance ' ' about a provision in the U.N.-backed trade embargo that allows food for humanitarian purposes . ` ` Very few ' ' of the 2,500 Americans in occupied Kuwait complied with the order , a senior U.S. official told The Associated Press . A total of about 3,000 Americans , 3,000 Britons and more than 450 Japanese are in Iraq and Kuwait . Iraq has called them ` ` restrictees . ' ' ` ` We 're there to stay for a fairly lengthy period . ' ' That could include firing across the bow to halt a ship . In the air , U.S. Air Force fliers say they have engaged in ` ` a little cat and mouse ' ' with Iraqi warplanes , which have retreated when weapons radar locks onto them . one U.S. crew chief said . In Kuwait , the Iraqis have rimmed the capital city with an air - defense system , according to a U.S. official who spoke on the condition of anonymity . The Iraqis also possess chemical weapons . The quarantine hopes to staunch the flow of Iraqi oil , which is Iraq 's economic lifeblood , and clamp down on food and supplies going in . Aqaba is Iraq 's only outlet now that an international noose has tightened . The Jordanian monarch met this week with Saddam , but he told reporters he had no message from Baghdad . 	answer: negative
event: Elian rescued off the coast of Florida by two American fishermen last November after the boat he was in capsized starts after the boat he was in capsized story: Attorney Kendall Coffey said his clients were giving an appeal to the Supreme Court ` ` serious consideration . ' The ruling follows six months of international family infighting , political recriminations and wide - spread protests in both Miami and Cuba over the fate of the 6-year - old boy . Elian 's great - uncle vowed to continue the battle , and said the Miami relatives might sue for visitation while the child is in the United States . Elian 's mother and 10 others died , but the boy survived by clinging to an inner tube . The Miami relatives appealed that decision , and obtained an injunction requiring Elian to remain in the United States until the asylum question worked its way through the courts . Juan Miguel Gonzalez arrived in the United States April 2 , and Reno ordered the Miami relatives to surrender the child to his father . The father and his son lived for a month on a large , private estate in Maryland , but have recently moved to an affluent neighborhood in Washington , D.C. , to wait out the rest of their time in the United States . Shortly after the appellate panel released its decision , attorney Coffey filed an emergency request to Supreme Court Justice Anthony M. Kennedy ( who has jurisdiction over such matters from Florida ) requesting assurance that Elian will remain in the United States until the full Supreme Court can consider a formal appeal . However , Justice Department officials said the appellate court could decide to waive the extra seven - day period . Protesters were beginning to gather outside the Miami relatives ' home even before the ruling was issued . 	answer: positive
event: Elian rescued off the coast of Florida by two American fishermen last November after the boat he was in capsized starts before the boat he was in capsized story: Attorney Kendall Coffey said his clients were giving an appeal to the Supreme Court ` ` serious consideration . ' The ruling follows six months of international family infighting , political recriminations and wide - spread protests in both Miami and Cuba over the fate of the 6-year - old boy . Elian 's great - uncle vowed to continue the battle , and said the Miami relatives might sue for visitation while the child is in the United States . Elian 's mother and 10 others died , but the boy survived by clinging to an inner tube . The Miami relatives appealed that decision , and obtained an injunction requiring Elian to remain in the United States until the asylum question worked its way through the courts . Juan Miguel Gonzalez arrived in the United States April 2 , and Reno ordered the Miami relatives to surrender the child to his father . The father and his son lived for a month on a large , private estate in Maryland , but have recently moved to an affluent neighborhood in Washington , D.C. , to wait out the rest of their time in the United States . Shortly after the appellate panel released its decision , attorney Coffey filed an emergency request to Supreme Court Justice Anthony M. Kennedy ( who has jurisdiction over such matters from Florida ) requesting assurance that Elian will remain in the United States until the full Supreme Court can consider a formal appeal . However , Justice Department officials said the appellate court could decide to waive the extra seven - day period . Protesters were beginning to gather outside the Miami relatives ' home even before the ruling was issued . 	answer: negative
event: On Tuesday the United States and Soviet Union conferred in Washington on putting an anti - Iraq naval blockade under a United Nations umbrella starts before the United States and Soviet Union putting an anti - Iraq naval blockade under a United Nations umbrella story: Soviet officials also said Soviet women , children and invalids would be allowed to leave Iraq . President Bush today denounced Saddam 's ` ` ruinous policies of war , ' ' and said the United States is ` ` striking a blow for the principle that might does not make right . ' Iran said an Iraqi diplomatic delegation was en route to Tehran to deliver Saddam 's message , which it said it would review ` ` with optimism . ' ' Saddam said he sought to ` ` turn the gulf into a lake of peace free of foreign fleets and forces that harbor ill intentions against us . ' Soviet Foreign Ministry spokesman Yuri Gremitskikh said special ambassador Mikhail Sytenko left Tuesday for consultations with the governments of Syria , Jordan , Egypt and other Arab countries . Sytenko , a former deputy secretary - general of the United Nations , is also expected to visit Baghdad , Gremitskikh said at a regular news briefing today . Spokesman Yuri Gremitskikh said the first group of 230 evacuees was assembling in Baghdad today , but evacuation plans were hampered by desert heat and lack of transportation . Nearly 9,000 Soviets were among the hundreds of thousands of foreigners trapped in Iraq and Kuwait . With Kuwait now ` ` annexed , ' ' Egyptian and Moroccan troops are already there . The size of the contingent was not disclosed . Bush , however , says he sees no short - term hope for a diplomatic solution to the gulf crisis Iraq boasts an army of 1 million members . 	answer: positive
event: On Tuesday the United States and Soviet Union conferred in Washington on putting an anti - Iraq naval blockade under a United Nations umbrella starts after the United States and Soviet Union putting an anti - Iraq naval blockade under a United Nations umbrella story: Soviet officials also said Soviet women , children and invalids would be allowed to leave Iraq . President Bush today denounced Saddam 's ` ` ruinous policies of war , ' ' and said the United States is ` ` striking a blow for the principle that might does not make right . ' Iran said an Iraqi diplomatic delegation was en route to Tehran to deliver Saddam 's message , which it said it would review ` ` with optimism . ' ' Saddam said he sought to ` ` turn the gulf into a lake of peace free of foreign fleets and forces that harbor ill intentions against us . ' Soviet Foreign Ministry spokesman Yuri Gremitskikh said special ambassador Mikhail Sytenko left Tuesday for consultations with the governments of Syria , Jordan , Egypt and other Arab countries . Sytenko , a former deputy secretary - general of the United Nations , is also expected to visit Baghdad , Gremitskikh said at a regular news briefing today . Spokesman Yuri Gremitskikh said the first group of 230 evacuees was assembling in Baghdad today , but evacuation plans were hampered by desert heat and lack of transportation . Nearly 9,000 Soviets were among the hundreds of thousands of foreigners trapped in Iraq and Kuwait . With Kuwait now ` ` annexed , ' ' Egyptian and Moroccan troops are already there . The size of the contingent was not disclosed . Bush , however , says he sees no short - term hope for a diplomatic solution to the gulf crisis Iraq boasts an army of 1 million members . 	answer: negative
event: the younger Bush " sketched for Sununu problems the president is encountering because of the chief of staff 's tenure starts before He told the handwriting was on the wall story: One of President Bush 's sons has informed White House Chief of Staff John Sununu that he has lost much of his support among Republicans , prompting an intense effort by Sununu to hold on to his job by demonstrating his GOP backing , White House and Republican sources said Monday . Sununu was told Wednesday by Bush 's son , George , that he had alienated members of the Cabinet , the White House staff and the Republican political community , creating a situation that puts his effectiveness in significant doubt , the sources said . The message to the chief of staff was meant to be taken as a suggestion that Sununu offer to resign , one highly placed source said . Instead , Sununu sought to prove to the president that his supporters outnumber his critics and that he should remain in his post . One GOP source , reporting on a call from the chief of staff to a Republican leader , said Sununu lamented that " the noose is tightening around my neck , and I need your help . Another highly placed source said the president 's son met with Sununu last week after holding a series of conversations about the structure of the White House staff and of the campaign with other Bush loyalists and GOP activists . " He was  told ... the handwriting was on the wall , " the source said Monday . That , the source said , was when Sununu started calling congressional Republicans and asking them to tell Bush that the conservative wing of the party , in particular , would object if he were fired . Officials said the president himself met with Sununu Sunday . 	answer: positive
event: the younger Bush " sketched for Sununu problems the president is encountering because of the chief of staff 's tenure starts after He told the handwriting was on the wall story: One of President Bush 's sons has informed White House Chief of Staff John Sununu that he has lost much of his support among Republicans , prompting an intense effort by Sununu to hold on to his job by demonstrating his GOP backing , White House and Republican sources said Monday . Sununu was told Wednesday by Bush 's son , George , that he had alienated members of the Cabinet , the White House staff and the Republican political community , creating a situation that puts his effectiveness in significant doubt , the sources said . The message to the chief of staff was meant to be taken as a suggestion that Sununu offer to resign , one highly placed source said . Instead , Sununu sought to prove to the president that his supporters outnumber his critics and that he should remain in his post . One GOP source , reporting on a call from the chief of staff to a Republican leader , said Sununu lamented that " the noose is tightening around my neck , and I need your help . Another highly placed source said the president 's son met with Sununu last week after holding a series of conversations about the structure of the White House staff and of the campaign with other Bush loyalists and GOP activists . " He was  told ... the handwriting was on the wall , " the source said Monday . That , the source said , was when Sununu started calling congressional Republicans and asking them to tell Bush that the conservative wing of the party , in particular , would object if he were fired . Officials said the president himself met with Sununu Sunday . 	answer: negative
event: where the whole attack planned starts before witnessing the beginnings of a much wider conflict story: For The World , this is Pamela McCall in the BBC news room in London . More heavy gunfire in the Serbian province of Kosovo . It 's the second day of an offensive by the security forces against villages populated by ethnic Albanians . BBC correspondent Karyn Coleman reports from Kosovo . There were more accounts of people fleeing from the villages near where the offensive was taking place . They were too afraid to stay , fearing the forces may also move their operations further afield . By mid afternoon , official Serb sources were saying the operation was over , but that has not yet been confirmed from Belgrade , the capital of Serbia , which is where the whole attack is thought to have been  planned . The ethnic Albanians here in Kosovo are considerably worried about the future and fear they are  witnessing the beginnings of a much wider conflict . Karyn Coleman , BBC news , Pristina . 	answer: positive
event: where the whole attack planned starts after witnessing the beginnings of a much wider conflict story: For The World , this is Pamela McCall in the BBC news room in London . More heavy gunfire in the Serbian province of Kosovo . It 's the second day of an offensive by the security forces against villages populated by ethnic Albanians . BBC correspondent Karyn Coleman reports from Kosovo . There were more accounts of people fleeing from the villages near where the offensive was taking place . They were too afraid to stay , fearing the forces may also move their operations further afield . By mid afternoon , official Serb sources were saying the operation was over , but that has not yet been confirmed from Belgrade , the capital of Serbia , which is where the whole attack is thought to have been  planned . The ethnic Albanians here in Kosovo are considerably worried about the future and fear they are  witnessing the beginnings of a much wider conflict . Karyn Coleman , BBC news , Pristina . 	answer: negative
event: LIN Broadcasting surged 4 5/8 to 112 5/8 starts after McCaw which dropped 2 1/2 to 37 3/4 story: The most controversial form of program trading , stock - index arbitrage , is " making it tough for traders to make money , " declares Robert Antolini , head of OTC trading at Donaldson , Lufkin amp Jenrette . The SampP 500 is often used in arbitrage strategies . Moreover , the price volatility that is amplified by program trading is undercutting efforts to woo individual investors back to an OTC market that sorely misses them . But the big , often tumultuous slide in stock prices this month has turned some of those who have been profiting from the practice against it . Shearson Lehman , however , executes program trades for clients . Shearson , Merrill Lynch and Goldman Sachs say they do so only for customers , however . Of course , there were sell programs in past years , too , but they seem to hurt market makers more painfully these days . On days when prices are tumbling , they must be willing to buy shares from sellers when no one else will . But this skittishness , Mr. Antolini says , is creating liquidity problems in certain OTC stocks . " " These big stocks greatly influence the Nasdaq Composite Index . Such investors tend to be more cautious than institutional investors are about re - entering the market after massive selloffs , market makers say . The Nasdaq Composite Index tumbled 5.39 , or 1.2 % to 452.76 on Friday . The average daily share turnover for October is almost 148 million shares . Intel eased 1/8 to 31 7/8 . The company blamed a number of factors for the earnings decline , including softer sales of joint - implants . 	answer: positive
event: LIN Broadcasting surged 4 5/8 to 112 5/8 starts before McCaw which dropped 2 1/2 to 37 3/4 story: The most controversial form of program trading , stock - index arbitrage , is " making it tough for traders to make money , " declares Robert Antolini , head of OTC trading at Donaldson , Lufkin amp Jenrette . The SampP 500 is often used in arbitrage strategies . Moreover , the price volatility that is amplified by program trading is undercutting efforts to woo individual investors back to an OTC market that sorely misses them . But the big , often tumultuous slide in stock prices this month has turned some of those who have been profiting from the practice against it . Shearson Lehman , however , executes program trades for clients . Shearson , Merrill Lynch and Goldman Sachs say they do so only for customers , however . Of course , there were sell programs in past years , too , but they seem to hurt market makers more painfully these days . On days when prices are tumbling , they must be willing to buy shares from sellers when no one else will . But this skittishness , Mr. Antolini says , is creating liquidity problems in certain OTC stocks . " " These big stocks greatly influence the Nasdaq Composite Index . Such investors tend to be more cautious than institutional investors are about re - entering the market after massive selloffs , market makers say . The Nasdaq Composite Index tumbled 5.39 , or 1.2 % to 452.76 on Friday . The average daily share turnover for October is almost 148 million shares . Intel eased 1/8 to 31 7/8 . The company blamed a number of factors for the earnings decline , including softer sales of joint - implants . 	answer: negative
event: a distant relative who lives a more prosperous life starts before all the things that dangled before the little boy 's eyes story: ` ` This little boy , who has been through so much , belongs with his father , ' ' The decision was met with outrage by Cuban - Americans , who said the youngster will suffer under the repressive communist regime of Fidel Castro . Anti - Castro demonstrators thronged the street near the local INS office in Miami Wednesday , demanding that Elian be allowed to stay . ` ` Today is a sad day for the US Constitution and for the hopes and dreams of Elian 's mother Elizabeth , ' ' who died with nine other adults when their boat sank as they attempted to reach Florida , said Roger Bernstein , representing the Miami Gonzalez family . ` ` But that little boy , by surviving two days on an inner tube , has earned the right to stay here in freedom . ' ' Eig complained . Meissner gave no reason for the Jan. 14 deadline , and it is still unclear how Elian would be transported back to Cuba if the Gonzalez family 's appeals are unsuccessful . ` ` We have done that . ' ' Cuba experts and child custody lawyers said the INS ruling was appropriate under the law . ` ` It 's high time ' ' the boy was sent back to his birthplace , said Wayne Smith , a former Clinton administration adviser on Cuba . ' With the political implications so strong , it 's unlikely the case of Elian Gonzalez will be closed quickly , said Richard Nuccio , a former Clinton administration Cuba adviser . 	answer: positive
event: a distant relative who lives a more prosperous life starts after all the things that dangled before the little boy 's eyes story: ` ` This little boy , who has been through so much , belongs with his father , ' ' The decision was met with outrage by Cuban - Americans , who said the youngster will suffer under the repressive communist regime of Fidel Castro . Anti - Castro demonstrators thronged the street near the local INS office in Miami Wednesday , demanding that Elian be allowed to stay . ` ` Today is a sad day for the US Constitution and for the hopes and dreams of Elian 's mother Elizabeth , ' ' who died with nine other adults when their boat sank as they attempted to reach Florida , said Roger Bernstein , representing the Miami Gonzalez family . ` ` But that little boy , by surviving two days on an inner tube , has earned the right to stay here in freedom . ' ' Eig complained . Meissner gave no reason for the Jan. 14 deadline , and it is still unclear how Elian would be transported back to Cuba if the Gonzalez family 's appeals are unsuccessful . ` ` We have done that . ' ' Cuba experts and child custody lawyers said the INS ruling was appropriate under the law . ` ` It 's high time ' ' the boy was sent back to his birthplace , said Wayne Smith , a former Clinton administration adviser on Cuba . ' With the political implications so strong , it 's unlikely the case of Elian Gonzalez will be closed quickly , said Richard Nuccio , a former Clinton administration Cuba adviser . 	answer: negative
event: cautioned Cuban Americans here starts before Cuban security agents who will make sure that Gonzalez _ and everyone else , for that matter _ does not defect story: In rapid - fire Spanish , so fast that even people who learned the language in other Hispanic cultures can have trouble keeping up , they villify Attorney General Janet Reno , President Clinton and others who want to send the child back to his father in Cuba . If you are not Cuban , they said , you just would not understand . , so they can brain - wash him . ' ' Over and over , Cuban Americans said that outsiders who did not suffer under the Castro regime simply could not understand their passions in the Elian standoff . But that standoff became less important in the eyes of Cuban Americans here after Castro announced Wednesday that the boy 's father , Juan Miguel Gonzalez , is ready to travel to the United States to take his son home . Gonzalez 's lawyer , Greg Craig , asked for a visa Thursday for his client for the expected visit , but was told by U.S. State Department officials that Gonzalez himself had to apply for the visa at the U.S. diplomatic mission in Havana . ` ` They are coming with everyone , including psychologists , ' ' said Armando Sanjurjo , 73 . ` ` You know why ? Sanjurjo , sipping a cafecito in front of Versailles restaurant , the nerve center for Cuban political discussions here in Little Havana , is convinced , like many others here , the entourage is designed to prevent any defections . ` ` Send him back , ' ' said Marsha Raeber , 47 , an airline employee . Some people are born rich , some people are born poor . 	answer: positive
event: cautioned Cuban Americans here starts after Cuban security agents who will make sure that Gonzalez _ and everyone else , for that matter _ does not defect story: In rapid - fire Spanish , so fast that even people who learned the language in other Hispanic cultures can have trouble keeping up , they villify Attorney General Janet Reno , President Clinton and others who want to send the child back to his father in Cuba . If you are not Cuban , they said , you just would not understand . , so they can brain - wash him . ' ' Over and over , Cuban Americans said that outsiders who did not suffer under the Castro regime simply could not understand their passions in the Elian standoff . But that standoff became less important in the eyes of Cuban Americans here after Castro announced Wednesday that the boy 's father , Juan Miguel Gonzalez , is ready to travel to the United States to take his son home . Gonzalez 's lawyer , Greg Craig , asked for a visa Thursday for his client for the expected visit , but was told by U.S. State Department officials that Gonzalez himself had to apply for the visa at the U.S. diplomatic mission in Havana . ` ` They are coming with everyone , including psychologists , ' ' said Armando Sanjurjo , 73 . ` ` You know why ? Sanjurjo , sipping a cafecito in front of Versailles restaurant , the nerve center for Cuban political discussions here in Little Havana , is convinced , like many others here , the entourage is designed to prevent any defections . ` ` Send him back , ' ' said Marsha Raeber , 47 , an airline employee . Some people are born rich , some people are born poor . 	answer: negative
event: when Paribas denationalized in 1987 starts before it now holds just under 5 % of Paribas 's shares story: At a news conference , Mr. Fournier accused Paribas of planning to pay for the takeover by selling parts of the company , whose interests include insurance , banking , tuna canning , sugar and orange juice . The chairman said his board members , including representatives of West German insurance giant Allianz AG and French banks Credit Lyonnais and Societe Generale , hold nearly 50 % of Navigation Mixte 's capital . At the same time , he is expected to seek legal and regulatory means of blocking or delaying Paribas 's bid . For the moment , the sources said , he has decided against seeking a white knight or organizing a counterbid for Paribas . Mr. Fournier said Navigation Mixte 's 1989 unconsolidated , or parent - company , profit is likely to be 4.7 billion francs ( $ 754.4 million ) , up from 633.8 million francs last year . Mr. Fournier said the exceptional gain would mean nearly twice as high a dividend this year as last . Analysts noted that over the past 20 years , Mr. Fournier has built his company through astute stock - market activity and has warded off at least three takeover attempts . This time , however , some analysts think he could face a real battle . Mr. Fournier said the large institutions that hold nearly 50 % of Navigation Mixte 's capital all strongly support him , but some analysts said they are n't so sure . Allianz , for example , has said in official comments so far that it will remain neutral . Paribas said Monday that it intends to bid to boost its stake in Navigation Mixte to 66.7 % , from the 18.7 % it already owns . 	answer: positive
event: when Paribas denationalized in 1987 starts after it now holds just under 5 % of Paribas 's shares story: At a news conference , Mr. Fournier accused Paribas of planning to pay for the takeover by selling parts of the company , whose interests include insurance , banking , tuna canning , sugar and orange juice . The chairman said his board members , including representatives of West German insurance giant Allianz AG and French banks Credit Lyonnais and Societe Generale , hold nearly 50 % of Navigation Mixte 's capital . At the same time , he is expected to seek legal and regulatory means of blocking or delaying Paribas 's bid . For the moment , the sources said , he has decided against seeking a white knight or organizing a counterbid for Paribas . Mr. Fournier said Navigation Mixte 's 1989 unconsolidated , or parent - company , profit is likely to be 4.7 billion francs ( $ 754.4 million ) , up from 633.8 million francs last year . Mr. Fournier said the exceptional gain would mean nearly twice as high a dividend this year as last . Analysts noted that over the past 20 years , Mr. Fournier has built his company through astute stock - market activity and has warded off at least three takeover attempts . This time , however , some analysts think he could face a real battle . Mr. Fournier said the large institutions that hold nearly 50 % of Navigation Mixte 's capital all strongly support him , but some analysts said they are n't so sure . Allianz , for example , has said in official comments so far that it will remain neutral . Paribas said Monday that it intends to bid to boost its stake in Navigation Mixte to 66.7 % , from the 18.7 % it already owns . 	answer: negative
event: Earlier Sunday protesters prayed for divine help as Easter week began waving palm fronds and posters of the Cuban boy and Jesus starts before Priests joined the crowd to offer a religious service story: He has said he will wait out appeals by the Miami relatives seeking an asylum hearing for Elian before the same court -- but only if he has custody of his son . There was growing apprehension outside the Little Havana home where the boy has lived with his great - uncle for nearly five months . ' ' His mother and 10 other people fleeing Cuba drowned when their boat sank . The Justice Department wants the appeals court to suspend the temporary injunction issued Thursday and also order Elian 's great - uncle , Lazaro Gonzalez , to release the boy . The relatives want the court to let them meet with Elian 's father without being required to surrender the boy . The court watch comes after one of the most bitter charges yet in the custody battle . This is child abuse and mistreatment , what they 're doing to this boy , ' ' Gonzalez said on CBS 's ' ' 60 Minutes . ' ' ' ' The way they 're abusing him , turning him against his father ... he 's suffering more here amongst them than he suffered in the sea . ' ' The Miami relatives are ` ` putting a bunch of toys in front of a 6-year - old . During the time of the broadcast on Sunday , family members and Elian were outside the home of Lazaro Gonzalez and did not publicly comment after the show . ' He 's being manipulated totally by Fidel Castro . He 's not telling the truth . ' ' There are many people who tell us that we should give up this fight , ' ' said Martin Anorga , an evangelical pastor . ' ' 	answer: positive
event: Earlier Sunday protesters prayed for divine help as Easter week began waving palm fronds and posters of the Cuban boy and Jesus starts after Priests joined the crowd to offer a religious service story: He has said he will wait out appeals by the Miami relatives seeking an asylum hearing for Elian before the same court -- but only if he has custody of his son . There was growing apprehension outside the Little Havana home where the boy has lived with his great - uncle for nearly five months . ' ' His mother and 10 other people fleeing Cuba drowned when their boat sank . The Justice Department wants the appeals court to suspend the temporary injunction issued Thursday and also order Elian 's great - uncle , Lazaro Gonzalez , to release the boy . The relatives want the court to let them meet with Elian 's father without being required to surrender the boy . The court watch comes after one of the most bitter charges yet in the custody battle . This is child abuse and mistreatment , what they 're doing to this boy , ' ' Gonzalez said on CBS 's ' ' 60 Minutes . ' ' ' ' The way they 're abusing him , turning him against his father ... he 's suffering more here amongst them than he suffered in the sea . ' ' The Miami relatives are ` ` putting a bunch of toys in front of a 6-year - old . During the time of the broadcast on Sunday , family members and Elian were outside the home of Lazaro Gonzalez and did not publicly comment after the show . ' He 's being manipulated totally by Fidel Castro . He 's not telling the truth . ' ' There are many people who tell us that we should give up this fight , ' ' said Martin Anorga , an evangelical pastor . ' ' 	answer: negative
event: But the big , often tumultuous slide in stock prices this month turned some of those who have been profiting from the practice against it starts after those who profiting from the practice story: Market makers in Nasdaq over - the - counter stocks are adding their voices to the swelling chorus of complaints about program trading . Estimates from traders put it at less than 5 % of Nasdaq 's average daily volume of roughly 133 million shares . But the big , often tumultuous slide in stock prices this month has  turned some of those who have been  profiting from the practice against it . Merrill Lynch , Goldman Sachs and Kidder Peabody , in addition to Shearson , do program - trade OTC stocks . Kidder Peabody does program trading for its own as well as clients ' accounts . And to protect their reduced capital investment from eroding further , market makers became quicker to lower price quotes when sell programs are in progress . No one has big positions and no one wants to take big risks . These big stocks greatly influence the Nasdaq Composite Index . This gap eventually closes , but slowly . Weakness in big technology stocks hurt the composite as well as the Nasdaq 100 Index , which fell 1.4 % , or 6.43 , on Friday , to 437.68 . LIN Broadcasting surged 4 5/8 to 112 5/8 ; LIN and BellSouth sweetened their merger agreement in an attempt to keep shareholders from tendering their shares to McCaw Cellular Communications . The revised LIN - BellSouth agreement boosts the dollar amount of the special dividend LIN promises to pay shareholders . The company said its third - quarter earnings will probably be lower than the 16 cents a share it reported last year , despite a rise in the company 's revenue . 	answer: positive
event: But the big , often tumultuous slide in stock prices this month turned some of those who have been profiting from the practice against it starts before those who profiting from the practice story: Market makers in Nasdaq over - the - counter stocks are adding their voices to the swelling chorus of complaints about program trading . Estimates from traders put it at less than 5 % of Nasdaq 's average daily volume of roughly 133 million shares . But the big , often tumultuous slide in stock prices this month has  turned some of those who have been  profiting from the practice against it . Merrill Lynch , Goldman Sachs and Kidder Peabody , in addition to Shearson , do program - trade OTC stocks . Kidder Peabody does program trading for its own as well as clients ' accounts . And to protect their reduced capital investment from eroding further , market makers became quicker to lower price quotes when sell programs are in progress . No one has big positions and no one wants to take big risks . These big stocks greatly influence the Nasdaq Composite Index . This gap eventually closes , but slowly . Weakness in big technology stocks hurt the composite as well as the Nasdaq 100 Index , which fell 1.4 % , or 6.43 , on Friday , to 437.68 . LIN Broadcasting surged 4 5/8 to 112 5/8 ; LIN and BellSouth sweetened their merger agreement in an attempt to keep shareholders from tendering their shares to McCaw Cellular Communications . The revised LIN - BellSouth agreement boosts the dollar amount of the special dividend LIN promises to pay shareholders . The company said its third - quarter earnings will probably be lower than the 16 cents a share it reported last year , despite a rise in the company 's revenue . 	answer: negative
event: Ralston said its restructuring costs include the phase - out of a battery facility in Greenville , N.C. , the recent closing of a Hostess cake bakery in Cincinnati and a reduction in staff throughout the company starts before The battery plant , which makes rechargeable nickel cadmium and carbon zinc products , will be closed over the next year or so a spokesman said story: Ralston Purina Co. reported a 47 % decline in fourth - quarter earnings , reflecting restructuring costs as well as a more difficult pet food market . The St. Louis company earned $ 45.2 million , or 65 cents a share , compared with $ 84.9 million , or $ 1.24 a share , a year earlier . Sales in the latest period were $ 1.76 billion , a 13 % increase from last year 's $ 1.55 billion . For the year ended Sept. 30 , Ralston earned $ 422.5 million , or $ 6.44 a share , up 8.9 % from $ 387.8 million , or $ 5.63 a share . This year 's results included a gain of $ 70.2 million on the disposal of seafood operations . Sales for the full year were $ 6.6 billion , up 13 % from $ 5.8 billion . The battery plant , which makes rechargeable nickel cadmium and carbon zinc products , will be closed over the next year or so , a spokesman  said . Ralston attributed its fourth - quarter slump partly to higher costs of ingredients in the pet food business as well as competitive pressures , which required higher advertising spending . Its cereal division realized higher operating profit on volume increases , but also spent more on promotion . The Continental Baking business benefited from higher margins on bread and on increased cake sales , it added . Ralston shares closed yesterday at $ 80.50 , off $ 1 , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 	answer: positive
event: Ralston said its restructuring costs include the phase - out of a battery facility in Greenville , N.C. , the recent closing of a Hostess cake bakery in Cincinnati and a reduction in staff throughout the company starts after The battery plant , which makes rechargeable nickel cadmium and carbon zinc products , will be closed over the next year or so a spokesman said story: Ralston Purina Co. reported a 47 % decline in fourth - quarter earnings , reflecting restructuring costs as well as a more difficult pet food market . The St. Louis company earned $ 45.2 million , or 65 cents a share , compared with $ 84.9 million , or $ 1.24 a share , a year earlier . Sales in the latest period were $ 1.76 billion , a 13 % increase from last year 's $ 1.55 billion . For the year ended Sept. 30 , Ralston earned $ 422.5 million , or $ 6.44 a share , up 8.9 % from $ 387.8 million , or $ 5.63 a share . This year 's results included a gain of $ 70.2 million on the disposal of seafood operations . Sales for the full year were $ 6.6 billion , up 13 % from $ 5.8 billion . The battery plant , which makes rechargeable nickel cadmium and carbon zinc products , will be closed over the next year or so , a spokesman  said . Ralston attributed its fourth - quarter slump partly to higher costs of ingredients in the pet food business as well as competitive pressures , which required higher advertising spending . Its cereal division realized higher operating profit on volume increases , but also spent more on promotion . The Continental Baking business benefited from higher margins on bread and on increased cake sales , it added . Ralston shares closed yesterday at $ 80.50 , off $ 1 , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 	answer: negative
event: most computers using the chip as their " brains " appear on the market sometime next year starts after last week a customer discovered two flaws in its 80486 microprocessor chip 's " floating - point unit " , a set of circuits that do certain calculations story: But while International Business Machines Corp. and Compaq Computer Corp. say the bugs will delay products , most big computer makers said the flaws do n't affect them . These bugs do n't affect our schedule at all , " he said . We have n't modified our schedules in any way , " said a Sun spokesman . To switch to another vendor 's chips , " would not definitely be an option , " he said . What 's more , the bugs only emerge on esoteric applications such as computer - aided design and scientific calculations , he said , and then very seldom . Sun , Hewlett - Packard and others say Intel is n't wholly to blame for the snafu . In late September , IBM began shipping a plug - in card that converts its PS/2 model 70-A21 from a 80386 machine to an 80486 machine . IBM has no plans to recall its add - on cards , the spokeswoman said , and could probably circumvent the bugs without long product delays . Intel 's 80486 chip is the Corvette of Intel 's microprocessors , a super - fast , super - expensive chip that only the most power - hungry computer users are likely to buy for at least several years . That 's what will keep computer makers coming in spite of the irritation of bugs . Of the big computer makers , only Apple Computer Co. bases its machines on Motorola chips instead . " The 486 is going to have a big impact on the industry , " said Hewlett - Packard 's Mr. Archuleta . 	answer: positive
event: most computers using the chip as their " brains " appear on the market sometime next year starts before last week a customer discovered two flaws in its 80486 microprocessor chip 's " floating - point unit " , a set of circuits that do certain calculations story: But while International Business Machines Corp. and Compaq Computer Corp. say the bugs will delay products , most big computer makers said the flaws do n't affect them . These bugs do n't affect our schedule at all , " he said . We have n't modified our schedules in any way , " said a Sun spokesman . To switch to another vendor 's chips , " would not definitely be an option , " he said . What 's more , the bugs only emerge on esoteric applications such as computer - aided design and scientific calculations , he said , and then very seldom . Sun , Hewlett - Packard and others say Intel is n't wholly to blame for the snafu . In late September , IBM began shipping a plug - in card that converts its PS/2 model 70-A21 from a 80386 machine to an 80486 machine . IBM has no plans to recall its add - on cards , the spokeswoman said , and could probably circumvent the bugs without long product delays . Intel 's 80486 chip is the Corvette of Intel 's microprocessors , a super - fast , super - expensive chip that only the most power - hungry computer users are likely to buy for at least several years . That 's what will keep computer makers coming in spite of the irritation of bugs . Of the big computer makers , only Apple Computer Co. bases its machines on Motorola chips instead . " The 486 is going to have a big impact on the industry , " said Hewlett - Packard 's Mr. Archuleta . 	answer: negative
event: these claims coming in more slowly starts before In New York Stock Exchange composite trading Friday Aetna closed at $ 60 down 50 cents story: Aetna Life amp Casualty Co. 's third - quarter net income fell 22 % to $ 182.6 million , or $ 1.63 a share , reflecting the damages from Hurricane Hugo and lower results for some of the company 's major divisions . Last year catastrophe losses totaled $ 5 million , when net was $ 235.5 million , or $ 2.07 a share . The year - earlier results have been restated to reflect an accounting change . The insurer has started processing claims from the Northern California earthquake nearly two weeks ago . But because these claims are more difficult to evaluate and have been  coming in more slowly , the company has no estimate of the impact of the earthquake on fourth - quarter results . In New York Stock Exchange composite trading Friday , Aetna  closed at $ 60 , down 50 cents . In the latest quarter , Aetna had a $ 23 million loss on its auto / homeowners line , compared with earnings of $ 33 million last year . Profit for its commercial insurance division fell 30 % to $ 59 million , reflecting higher catastrophe losses and the price war in the property / casualty market for nearly three years . Third - quarter results included net realized capital gains of $ 48 million , which included $ 27 million from the sale of Federated Investors in August and a $ 15 million tax credit . In the nine months , net rose 4.3 % to $ 525.8 million or $ 4.67 a share , from $ 504.2 million , or $ 4.41 a share , last year . 	answer: positive
event: these claims coming in more slowly starts after In New York Stock Exchange composite trading Friday Aetna closed at $ 60 down 50 cents story: Aetna Life amp Casualty Co. 's third - quarter net income fell 22 % to $ 182.6 million , or $ 1.63 a share , reflecting the damages from Hurricane Hugo and lower results for some of the company 's major divisions . Last year catastrophe losses totaled $ 5 million , when net was $ 235.5 million , or $ 2.07 a share . The year - earlier results have been restated to reflect an accounting change . The insurer has started processing claims from the Northern California earthquake nearly two weeks ago . But because these claims are more difficult to evaluate and have been  coming in more slowly , the company has no estimate of the impact of the earthquake on fourth - quarter results . In New York Stock Exchange composite trading Friday , Aetna  closed at $ 60 , down 50 cents . In the latest quarter , Aetna had a $ 23 million loss on its auto / homeowners line , compared with earnings of $ 33 million last year . Profit for its commercial insurance division fell 30 % to $ 59 million , reflecting higher catastrophe losses and the price war in the property / casualty market for nearly three years . Third - quarter results included net realized capital gains of $ 48 million , which included $ 27 million from the sale of Federated Investors in August and a $ 15 million tax credit . In the nine months , net rose 4.3 % to $ 525.8 million or $ 4.67 a share , from $ 504.2 million , or $ 4.41 a share , last year . 	answer: negative
event: the post-1959 politics managed to split thousands of families apart starts before the post-1959 politics split thousands of families apart story: In a drama that has divided his once close - knit family and may finally be resolved in a court hearing the week of March 6 , Manuel Gonzalez , 59 , a soft - spoken bus mechanic , has remained largely out of the glare of television lights . ` ` I have lost a son , ' ' Gonzalez told reporters later , referring to his own son 's death due to cancer . Long before Elian thrust them into the unrelenting glare of the international spotlight , the Gonzalez clan was a typical example of the conflicts and painful separations wrought by the Cuban revolution . According to press reports , Caridad Gonzalez , the oldest sister , was the first to come to the United States , arriving in 1966 . The family 's experience is like that of thousands of others now split between Miami and Cuba , said Damien Fernandez , a Cuban - American political scientist at Florida International University . In desperate need of hard currency , Castro relaxed travel restrictions and allowed Cubans to have U.S. dollars , triggering a trickle of cash from Miami that soon became a flood . ` ` The Miami families have become a lifeline , and since 1990 there has been a great trend toward reconciliation , ' ' said Florida International 's Fernandez . But there has been at least one attempt at a resolution . ` ` He wo n't let anyone intimidate him from doing what is in Elian 's best interests . ' ' To his credit , Lazaro Gonzalez has issued a statement asking Miami 's exiles to respect his brother 's opinions . ` ` But the scars will always be there . ' ' 	answer: positive
event: the post-1959 politics managed to split thousands of families apart starts after the post-1959 politics split thousands of families apart story: In a drama that has divided his once close - knit family and may finally be resolved in a court hearing the week of March 6 , Manuel Gonzalez , 59 , a soft - spoken bus mechanic , has remained largely out of the glare of television lights . ` ` I have lost a son , ' ' Gonzalez told reporters later , referring to his own son 's death due to cancer . Long before Elian thrust them into the unrelenting glare of the international spotlight , the Gonzalez clan was a typical example of the conflicts and painful separations wrought by the Cuban revolution . According to press reports , Caridad Gonzalez , the oldest sister , was the first to come to the United States , arriving in 1966 . The family 's experience is like that of thousands of others now split between Miami and Cuba , said Damien Fernandez , a Cuban - American political scientist at Florida International University . In desperate need of hard currency , Castro relaxed travel restrictions and allowed Cubans to have U.S. dollars , triggering a trickle of cash from Miami that soon became a flood . ` ` The Miami families have become a lifeline , and since 1990 there has been a great trend toward reconciliation , ' ' said Florida International 's Fernandez . But there has been at least one attempt at a resolution . ` ` He wo n't let anyone intimidate him from doing what is in Elian 's best interests . ' ' To his credit , Lazaro Gonzalez has issued a statement asking Miami 's exiles to respect his brother 's opinions . ` ` But the scars will always be there . ' ' 	answer: negative
event: About 500 people attended a Sunday night memorial service for the Buffalo - area physician who performed abortions , one year after he was killed by a sniper 's bullet starts after A nurse who critically injured in the 1998 abortion clinic bombing in Birmingham , Ala. , story: BUFFALO , N.Y. ( AP ) -- About 500 people  attended a Sunday night memorial service for the Buffalo - area physician who performed abortions , one year after he was killed by a sniper 's bullet . A nurse who was critically  injured in the 1998 abortion clinic bombing in Birmingham , Ala. , was among those who attended the interfaith ceremony at a Presbyterian church for Dr. Barnett Slepian . Police kept watch outside and about 25 undercover police were scattered throughout the crowd . ` ` But it 's not tonight we 're worried about . It 's all of the other dark nights . ' ' A memorial service planned at the University of Rochester for Saturday was canceled after security plans were leaked . Earlier that day , the Slepian family sent a fax to local police explaining that abortion providers were warned that one of them might be targeted for assassination . On May 6 , James Kopp , 44 , was charged with the slaying . Kopp remains at - large and police admit that despite a worldwide search and a $ 1 million reward , they do n't know where he is . ` ` It 's very frustrating knowing that he 's out there , ' ' said Ms. Buckham . A tearful audience also listened to registered nurse Emily Lyons , who has undergone a number of operations since the Alabama clinic bombing and has permanently damaged eyesight . She spoke of Slepian and other abortion providers who have been killed . ` ` They paid an awful price for reproductive freedom and the women they served , ' ' she said . 	answer: positive
event: About 500 people attended a Sunday night memorial service for the Buffalo - area physician who performed abortions , one year after he was killed by a sniper 's bullet starts before A nurse who critically injured in the 1998 abortion clinic bombing in Birmingham , Ala. , story: BUFFALO , N.Y. ( AP ) -- About 500 people  attended a Sunday night memorial service for the Buffalo - area physician who performed abortions , one year after he was killed by a sniper 's bullet . A nurse who was critically  injured in the 1998 abortion clinic bombing in Birmingham , Ala. , was among those who attended the interfaith ceremony at a Presbyterian church for Dr. Barnett Slepian . Police kept watch outside and about 25 undercover police were scattered throughout the crowd . ` ` But it 's not tonight we 're worried about . It 's all of the other dark nights . ' ' A memorial service planned at the University of Rochester for Saturday was canceled after security plans were leaked . Earlier that day , the Slepian family sent a fax to local police explaining that abortion providers were warned that one of them might be targeted for assassination . On May 6 , James Kopp , 44 , was charged with the slaying . Kopp remains at - large and police admit that despite a worldwide search and a $ 1 million reward , they do n't know where he is . ` ` It 's very frustrating knowing that he 's out there , ' ' said Ms. Buckham . A tearful audience also listened to registered nurse Emily Lyons , who has undergone a number of operations since the Alabama clinic bombing and has permanently damaged eyesight . She spoke of Slepian and other abortion providers who have been killed . ` ` They paid an awful price for reproductive freedom and the women they served , ' ' she said . 	answer: negative
event: U.S. Immigration officials postponed until Tuesday morning any action on revoking the boy 's temporary permission to stay in the United States , which would allow federal officials to , ultimately , take the boy from his relatives ' house and eventually return him to Cuba starts before said Robert Wallis , INS director for the Miami district story: MIAMI _ And they question _ or ridicule _ news that the boy 's father is planning to come here to retrieve his son . It is a Communist plot hatched by the hated dictator , Fidel Castro , they say . ` ` But it is Cuba . ` ` Like the family , we are monitoring developments concerning the possible arrival of ( Elian 's father ) Government officials had threatened to revoke the boy 's parole if his great - uncle , Lazaro Gonzalez , did not sign a document agreeing to hand Elian over to federal officials once the family 's appeal in the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals was decided . ` ` Juan Miguel Gonzalez is ready at a moment 's notice to come to the United States , ' ' said Craig . Castro said Gonzalez would travel with his current wife and their son , a top government official , doctors , nurses , psychiatrists , Elian 's Cuban kindergarten teacher , classmates and his old school desk . Gloria Estefan , the wildly popular singer of Cuban descent who has become an entertainment and cultural icon , was also suspicious of this visit . Who 's to say that he 's better off at Disney World and eating fast food here instead if breathing the fresh air of Cuba . ' ' What about all the other poor kids in South and Central America ? ' ' Not all Cuban - Americans insist that Elian be allowed to stay . 	answer: positive
event: U.S. Immigration officials postponed until Tuesday morning any action on revoking the boy 's temporary permission to stay in the United States , which would allow federal officials to , ultimately , take the boy from his relatives ' house and eventually return him to Cuba starts after said Robert Wallis , INS director for the Miami district story: MIAMI _ And they question _ or ridicule _ news that the boy 's father is planning to come here to retrieve his son . It is a Communist plot hatched by the hated dictator , Fidel Castro , they say . ` ` But it is Cuba . ` ` Like the family , we are monitoring developments concerning the possible arrival of ( Elian 's father ) Government officials had threatened to revoke the boy 's parole if his great - uncle , Lazaro Gonzalez , did not sign a document agreeing to hand Elian over to federal officials once the family 's appeal in the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals was decided . ` ` Juan Miguel Gonzalez is ready at a moment 's notice to come to the United States , ' ' said Craig . Castro said Gonzalez would travel with his current wife and their son , a top government official , doctors , nurses , psychiatrists , Elian 's Cuban kindergarten teacher , classmates and his old school desk . Gloria Estefan , the wildly popular singer of Cuban descent who has become an entertainment and cultural icon , was also suspicious of this visit . Who 's to say that he 's better off at Disney World and eating fast food here instead if breathing the fresh air of Cuba . ' ' What about all the other poor kids in South and Central America ? ' ' Not all Cuban - Americans insist that Elian be allowed to stay . 	answer: negative
event: A spokesman for the Stamford , Conn.based company said operations had a loss of $ 5.5 million for the quarter starts after in addition the loss magnified by nonrecurring charges totaling $ 23.5 million and $ 8.2 million in asset - valuation adjustments that he described as " unusual story: Savin Corp. reported a third - quarter net loss of $ 35.2 million , or 31 cents a share , compared with year - earlier profit of $ 3.8 million , or one cent a share . A spokesman for the Stamford , Conn.based company  said operations had a loss of $ 5.5 million for the quarter ; in addition , the loss was  magnified by nonrecurring charges totaling $ 23.5 million and $ 8.2 million in asset - valuation adjustments that he described as " unusual . " The charges were partly offset by a $ 2 million gain on the sale of investments of two joint ventures , he said . Revenue declined 8 % to $ 85.7 million , from $ 93.3 million a year earlier . Savin cited " a general softening in the demand for office products in the market segments in which Savin competes . " 	answer: positive
event: A spokesman for the Stamford , Conn.based company said operations had a loss of $ 5.5 million for the quarter starts before in addition the loss magnified by nonrecurring charges totaling $ 23.5 million and $ 8.2 million in asset - valuation adjustments that he described as " unusual story: Savin Corp. reported a third - quarter net loss of $ 35.2 million , or 31 cents a share , compared with year - earlier profit of $ 3.8 million , or one cent a share . A spokesman for the Stamford , Conn.based company  said operations had a loss of $ 5.5 million for the quarter ; in addition , the loss was  magnified by nonrecurring charges totaling $ 23.5 million and $ 8.2 million in asset - valuation adjustments that he described as " unusual . " The charges were partly offset by a $ 2 million gain on the sale of investments of two joint ventures , he said . Revenue declined 8 % to $ 85.7 million , from $ 93.3 million a year earlier . Savin cited " a general softening in the demand for office products in the market segments in which Savin competes . " 	answer: negative
event: A Justice official who requested anonymity starts after The found clinging to an inner tube in the Atlantic last Thanksgiving following a boat wreck that killed his mother and 10 other people story: Meantime , the possibility of a meeting between Attorney General Janet Reno and Lazaro Gonzalez 's family reemerged Thursday . Later Thursday , two of Elian 's Miami cousins sought support on Capitol Hill for legislation that would help keep the boy in America . ` ` We 're doing what 's in Elian 's best interest . My family is a very close family , ' ' she said . Another cousin , Georgina Cid , said Elian 's father had intended to flee Cuba himself , but was being coerced by the Castro government to stay and make certain statements . The father 's response when learning that his boy was safe in Miami was ` ` take care of him until I can go , meaning go to the United States , ' ' Cid said . A group of Florida lawmakers introduced legislation this month to grant Elian American citizenship , which would take the decision about Elian 's future away from INS and give it to a Florida family court . Support for the bill has been waning . Records also show Lazaro Gonzalez 's 62-year - old brother , Delfin Gonzalez , has been found guilty at least twice of driving under the influence . Armando Gutierrez , a spokesman for the Miami relatives , dismissed the criticism : ` ` Elian is surrounded by love . ' ' ` ` No material good exists that can compete with the value of the family , and it is humiliating for us that people are still questioning our love and the future that awaits Elian at his home , ' ' said a Spanish version of the letter , dated Feb. 4 . 	answer: positive
event: A Justice official who requested anonymity starts before The found clinging to an inner tube in the Atlantic last Thanksgiving following a boat wreck that killed his mother and 10 other people story: Meantime , the possibility of a meeting between Attorney General Janet Reno and Lazaro Gonzalez 's family reemerged Thursday . Later Thursday , two of Elian 's Miami cousins sought support on Capitol Hill for legislation that would help keep the boy in America . ` ` We 're doing what 's in Elian 's best interest . My family is a very close family , ' ' she said . Another cousin , Georgina Cid , said Elian 's father had intended to flee Cuba himself , but was being coerced by the Castro government to stay and make certain statements . The father 's response when learning that his boy was safe in Miami was ` ` take care of him until I can go , meaning go to the United States , ' ' Cid said . A group of Florida lawmakers introduced legislation this month to grant Elian American citizenship , which would take the decision about Elian 's future away from INS and give it to a Florida family court . Support for the bill has been waning . Records also show Lazaro Gonzalez 's 62-year - old brother , Delfin Gonzalez , has been found guilty at least twice of driving under the influence . Armando Gutierrez , a spokesman for the Miami relatives , dismissed the criticism : ` ` Elian is surrounded by love . ' ' ` ` No material good exists that can compete with the value of the family , and it is humiliating for us that people are still questioning our love and the future that awaits Elian at his home , ' ' said a Spanish version of the letter , dated Feb. 4 . 	answer: negative
event: ` People have been calling , and we 've been reassuring them that we do n't see further problems said Mary Mkimbo , a spokeswoman in New York for the Kenya Tourist Office starts after terrorist attacks that clearly targeted at the United States story: The bombings at the American Embassies in Kenya and Tanzania have frightened away travelers from East Africa just as Kenya was hoping for an end to a years - old slump in foreign tourism , and as Tanzania was finally beginning to reap the benefits from a major investment in the travel industry . Tour operators who specialize in travel in Kenya and Tanzania , which boast some of Africa 's best game parks and sunniest beaches , say there have been no mass cancellations as a result of the Aug. 7 Embassy bombings in Nairobi , the Kenyan capital , and Dar es Salaam , Tanzania , which left more than 250 people dead . The State Department , which does not want to see Kenya and Tanzania punished economically as a result of terrorist attacks that were clearly  targeted at the United States , has lifted dire travel warnings issued just the bombings that urged Americans to stay away from the two countries . New public announcements put out on Aug. 13 suggest only that Americans ` ` exercise caution ' ' when visiting Kenya and Tanzania . The embassy in Dar es Salaam suffered less damage from the blast , although it , too , may have to be razed . Tourism has never been so well - developed an industry in neighboring Tanzania , which is home to Mt. Kilimanjaro , the magnificent wildlife of Serengeti National Park and the exotic island of Zanzibar . But the lack of infrastructure has worked to Tanzania 's advantage in recent years given the dramatic growth in the number of adventure travelers who are willing , even eager to go without the five - star safari resorts that Kenya offers . 	answer: positive
event: ` People have been calling , and we 've been reassuring them that we do n't see further problems said Mary Mkimbo , a spokeswoman in New York for the Kenya Tourist Office starts before terrorist attacks that clearly targeted at the United States story: The bombings at the American Embassies in Kenya and Tanzania have frightened away travelers from East Africa just as Kenya was hoping for an end to a years - old slump in foreign tourism , and as Tanzania was finally beginning to reap the benefits from a major investment in the travel industry . Tour operators who specialize in travel in Kenya and Tanzania , which boast some of Africa 's best game parks and sunniest beaches , say there have been no mass cancellations as a result of the Aug. 7 Embassy bombings in Nairobi , the Kenyan capital , and Dar es Salaam , Tanzania , which left more than 250 people dead . The State Department , which does not want to see Kenya and Tanzania punished economically as a result of terrorist attacks that were clearly  targeted at the United States , has lifted dire travel warnings issued just the bombings that urged Americans to stay away from the two countries . New public announcements put out on Aug. 13 suggest only that Americans ` ` exercise caution ' ' when visiting Kenya and Tanzania . The embassy in Dar es Salaam suffered less damage from the blast , although it , too , may have to be razed . Tourism has never been so well - developed an industry in neighboring Tanzania , which is home to Mt. Kilimanjaro , the magnificent wildlife of Serengeti National Park and the exotic island of Zanzibar . But the lack of infrastructure has worked to Tanzania 's advantage in recent years given the dramatic growth in the number of adventure travelers who are willing , even eager to go without the five - star safari resorts that Kenya offers . 	answer: negative
event: The chairman said his board members , including representatives of West German insurance giant Allianz AG and French banks Credit Lyonnais and Societe Generale , hold nearly 50 % of Navigation Mixte 's capital starts after his board members , including representatives of West German insurance giant Allianz AG and French banks Credit Lyonnais and Societe Generale , hold nearly 50 % of Navigation Mixte 's capital story: At a news conference , Mr. Fournier accused Paribas of planning to pay for the takeover by selling parts of the company , whose interests include insurance , banking , tuna canning , sugar and orange juice . But sources said he will be urging his allies to boost their stakes in Navigation Mixte , which is being traded in London and is to resume trading in Paris Tuesday . For the moment , the sources said , he has decided against seeking a white knight or organizing a counterbid for Paribas . Mr. Fournier said Navigation Mixte 's 1989 unconsolidated , or parent - company , profit is likely to be 4.7 billion francs ( $ 754.4 million ) , up from 633.8 million francs last year . Analysts noted that over the past 20 years , Mr. Fournier has built his company through astute stock - market activity and has warded off at least three takeover attempts . This time , however , some analysts think he could face a real battle . " The petition is still pending , but Mr. Fournier downplayed the likelihood of his organizing a takeover bid of his own for the much - larger Paribas . Allianz , for example , has said in official comments so far that it will remain neutral . Paribas is Allianz 's lead French bank . Paribas said Monday that it intends to bid to boost its stake in Navigation Mixte to 66.7 % , from the 18.7 % it already owns . Alternatively , it is to offer three Paribas shares for one Navigation Mixte share . 	answer: positive
event: The chairman said his board members , including representatives of West German insurance giant Allianz AG and French banks Credit Lyonnais and Societe Generale , hold nearly 50 % of Navigation Mixte 's capital starts before his board members , including representatives of West German insurance giant Allianz AG and French banks Credit Lyonnais and Societe Generale , hold nearly 50 % of Navigation Mixte 's capital story: At a news conference , Mr. Fournier accused Paribas of planning to pay for the takeover by selling parts of the company , whose interests include insurance , banking , tuna canning , sugar and orange juice . But sources said he will be urging his allies to boost their stakes in Navigation Mixte , which is being traded in London and is to resume trading in Paris Tuesday . For the moment , the sources said , he has decided against seeking a white knight or organizing a counterbid for Paribas . Mr. Fournier said Navigation Mixte 's 1989 unconsolidated , or parent - company , profit is likely to be 4.7 billion francs ( $ 754.4 million ) , up from 633.8 million francs last year . Analysts noted that over the past 20 years , Mr. Fournier has built his company through astute stock - market activity and has warded off at least three takeover attempts . This time , however , some analysts think he could face a real battle . " The petition is still pending , but Mr. Fournier downplayed the likelihood of his organizing a takeover bid of his own for the much - larger Paribas . Allianz , for example , has said in official comments so far that it will remain neutral . Paribas is Allianz 's lead French bank . Paribas said Monday that it intends to bid to boost its stake in Navigation Mixte to 66.7 % , from the 18.7 % it already owns . Alternatively , it is to offer three Paribas shares for one Navigation Mixte share . 	answer: negative
event: Hewlett - Packard Co. said it raised its stake in Octel Communications Corp. to 8.5 % of the common shares outstanding starts before In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing Hewlett - Packard said it now holds 1,384,119 Octel common shares , including 100,000 shares bought from Aug. 26 to Oct. 20 for $ 23.31 to $ 24.25 a share story: Hewlett - Packard Co.  said it raised its stake in Octel Communications Corp. to 8.5 % of the common shares outstanding . In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing , Hewlett - Packard  said it now holds 1,384,119 Octel common shares , including 100,000 shares bought from Aug. 26 to Oct. 20 for $ 23.31 to $ 24.25 a share . Hewlett - Packard , a Palo Alto , Calif. , computer company , said it acquired the stock " to develop and maintain a strategic partnership in which each company remains independent while working together to market and sell their products . " Octel said the purchase was expected . Hewlett - Packard affirmed it does n't plan to obtain control of Octel , a Milpitas , Calif. , maker of voice - processing systems . According to the filing , Hewlett - Packard acquired 730,070 common shares from Octel as a result of an Aug. 10 , 1988 , stock purchase agreement . That accord also called for Hewlett - Packard to buy 730,070 Octel shares in the open market within 18 months . In addition , Hewlett - Packard acquired a two - year option to buy an extra 10 % , of which half may be sold directly to Hewlett - Packard by Octel . 	answer: positive
event: Hewlett - Packard Co. said it raised its stake in Octel Communications Corp. to 8.5 % of the common shares outstanding starts after In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing Hewlett - Packard said it now holds 1,384,119 Octel common shares , including 100,000 shares bought from Aug. 26 to Oct. 20 for $ 23.31 to $ 24.25 a share story: Hewlett - Packard Co.  said it raised its stake in Octel Communications Corp. to 8.5 % of the common shares outstanding . In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing , Hewlett - Packard  said it now holds 1,384,119 Octel common shares , including 100,000 shares bought from Aug. 26 to Oct. 20 for $ 23.31 to $ 24.25 a share . Hewlett - Packard , a Palo Alto , Calif. , computer company , said it acquired the stock " to develop and maintain a strategic partnership in which each company remains independent while working together to market and sell their products . " Octel said the purchase was expected . Hewlett - Packard affirmed it does n't plan to obtain control of Octel , a Milpitas , Calif. , maker of voice - processing systems . According to the filing , Hewlett - Packard acquired 730,070 common shares from Octel as a result of an Aug. 10 , 1988 , stock purchase agreement . That accord also called for Hewlett - Packard to buy 730,070 Octel shares in the open market within 18 months . In addition , Hewlett - Packard acquired a two - year option to buy an extra 10 % , of which half may be sold directly to Hewlett - Packard by Octel . 	answer: negative
event: the boy 's mother died to give him freedom in the United States while the Cuban government maintains Elian is being improperly kept from his father starts before ` Juan Miguel must not have written the letter himself said Armando Gutierrez , spokesman for Elian 's relatives in Miami story: HAVANA ( AP ) -- Elian Gonzalez 's father said in a letter published Wednesday that he wants Cuban diplomats based in Washington to meet with his 6-year - old son in Miami and check on his condition . Juan Miguel Gonzalez wrote in a letter published on the front page of the Communist Party daily Granma . Hundreds of former fighters in the revolution that brought Castro to power 42 years ago gathered Wednesday night to denounce the Miami ` ` worms ' ' who support Elian 's being kept in the United States . With Castro and other historic revolutionary leaders sitting in the front row of Havana 's Conventions Palace , a string of former guerrillas called for the return of ` ` our Elian ' ' to his father on the communist island . Gonzalez had written a letter earlier this week to Attorney General Janet Reno , demanding Elian be returned to him and saying he did not recognize the courts hearing the custody battle . Cuban exiles in Miami say the boy 's mother  died to give him freedom in the United States , while the Cuban government maintains Elian is being improperly kept from his father . ` ` Juan Miguel must not have written the letter himself , ' '  said Armando Gutierrez , spokesman for Elian 's relatives in Miami . Lawyers for the relatives in Miami filed a brief in federal court on Monday arguing the Immigration and Naturalization Service can not return Elian to Cuba without holding a political asylum hearing . U.S. government lawyers have moved to dismiss the Miami relatives ' lawsuit , arguing that they have no legal standing in the boy 's case . 	answer: positive
event: the boy 's mother died to give him freedom in the United States while the Cuban government maintains Elian is being improperly kept from his father starts after ` Juan Miguel must not have written the letter himself said Armando Gutierrez , spokesman for Elian 's relatives in Miami story: HAVANA ( AP ) -- Elian Gonzalez 's father said in a letter published Wednesday that he wants Cuban diplomats based in Washington to meet with his 6-year - old son in Miami and check on his condition . Juan Miguel Gonzalez wrote in a letter published on the front page of the Communist Party daily Granma . Hundreds of former fighters in the revolution that brought Castro to power 42 years ago gathered Wednesday night to denounce the Miami ` ` worms ' ' who support Elian 's being kept in the United States . With Castro and other historic revolutionary leaders sitting in the front row of Havana 's Conventions Palace , a string of former guerrillas called for the return of ` ` our Elian ' ' to his father on the communist island . Gonzalez had written a letter earlier this week to Attorney General Janet Reno , demanding Elian be returned to him and saying he did not recognize the courts hearing the custody battle . Cuban exiles in Miami say the boy 's mother  died to give him freedom in the United States , while the Cuban government maintains Elian is being improperly kept from his father . ` ` Juan Miguel must not have written the letter himself , ' '  said Armando Gutierrez , spokesman for Elian 's relatives in Miami . Lawyers for the relatives in Miami filed a brief in federal court on Monday arguing the Immigration and Naturalization Service can not return Elian to Cuba without holding a political asylum hearing . U.S. government lawyers have moved to dismiss the Miami relatives ' lawsuit , arguing that they have no legal standing in the boy 's case . 	answer: negative
event: The doctor 's wife and one of his sons were in the kitchen when the shooting occurred Murray said starts after the living room where the doctor 's three other children watching television story: The doctor 's wife and one of his sons were in the kitchen when the shooting occurred , Murray  said . Slepian 's wife and one son tried to revive him . For the most part , people on both sides of the abortion issue expressed outrage at the shooting . But one abortion opponent , the Rev. Donald Spitz , the founder of Pro - Life Virginia , described Slepian 's killer as a ` ` hero ' ' for ending the physician 's ` ` bloodthirsty practice . ' ' ` ` We as Christians have a responsibility to protect the innocent from being murdered , ' ' In his Sunday Mass at St. Patrick 's Cathedral in New York , Cardinal John O'Connor called the murder wrong but he urged those angered by the slaying to be equally angered by abortions . ` ` He called on many of the same people to express outrage at partial birth abortion , which he called the equivalent of infanticide , ' ' Many residents said abortion had gradually dwindled as a local issue since Operation Rescue , an anti - abortion group , started a series of largely unsuccessful ` ` Spring of Life ' ' demonstrations in 1992 intended to shut down abortion clinics and harass local doctors , including Slepian . Little of the vitriol that the issue aroused in the late 1980s and early 1990s remains , residents said , and many of the local religious leaders who led the 1992 protests have moved . ` ` The only people that are left are the hard - core , fanatical people , ' ' said Larry Finkelstien , a high school teacher who works as an escort at abortion clinics . 	answer: positive
event: The doctor 's wife and one of his sons were in the kitchen when the shooting occurred Murray said starts before the living room where the doctor 's three other children watching television story: The doctor 's wife and one of his sons were in the kitchen when the shooting occurred , Murray  said . Slepian 's wife and one son tried to revive him . For the most part , people on both sides of the abortion issue expressed outrage at the shooting . But one abortion opponent , the Rev. Donald Spitz , the founder of Pro - Life Virginia , described Slepian 's killer as a ` ` hero ' ' for ending the physician 's ` ` bloodthirsty practice . ' ' ` ` We as Christians have a responsibility to protect the innocent from being murdered , ' ' In his Sunday Mass at St. Patrick 's Cathedral in New York , Cardinal John O'Connor called the murder wrong but he urged those angered by the slaying to be equally angered by abortions . ` ` He called on many of the same people to express outrage at partial birth abortion , which he called the equivalent of infanticide , ' ' Many residents said abortion had gradually dwindled as a local issue since Operation Rescue , an anti - abortion group , started a series of largely unsuccessful ` ` Spring of Life ' ' demonstrations in 1992 intended to shut down abortion clinics and harass local doctors , including Slepian . Little of the vitriol that the issue aroused in the late 1980s and early 1990s remains , residents said , and many of the local religious leaders who led the 1992 protests have moved . ` ` The only people that are left are the hard - core , fanatical people , ' ' said Larry Finkelstien , a high school teacher who works as an escort at abortion clinics . 	answer: negative
event: Elian 's Miami relatives took the child starts before Elian 's Miami relatives then refused to return him to his surviving father in Cuba citing the harshness of the Castro regime story: The Miami relatives could also request a rehearing before the same three - judge panel that issued Thursday 's ruling , or before the entire 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeal . But Thursday 's decision made it clear the family has only 14 days to decide whether to request a rehearing at that level . & amp;UR ; & amp;LR ; ` ` Expect no extensions , ' ' the court instructed . The ruling follows six months of international family infighting , political recriminations and wide - spread protests in both Miami and Cuba over the fate of the 6-year - old boy . Making Juan Miguel Gonzalez his son 's legal representative would have allowed him to simply drop the asylum request and head for home . Elian 's mother and 10 others died , but the boy survived by clinging to an inner tube . The Miami relatives appealed that decision , and obtained an injunction requiring Elian to remain in the United States until the asylum question worked its way through the courts . Shortly after the appellate panel released its decision , attorney Coffey filed an emergency request to Supreme Court Justice Anthony M. Kennedy ( who has jurisdiction over such matters from Florida ) requesting assurance that Elian will remain in the United States until the full Supreme Court can consider a formal appeal . But Reno said the request to Kennedy serves no purpose since the injunction blocking Elian 's return to Cuba still applies . However , Justice Department officials said the appellate court could decide to waive the extra seven - day period . In a statement read on Cuban television , Castro 's government expressed its displeasure at still another delay in Elian 's return . 	answer: positive
event: Elian 's Miami relatives took the child starts after Elian 's Miami relatives then refused to return him to his surviving father in Cuba citing the harshness of the Castro regime story: The Miami relatives could also request a rehearing before the same three - judge panel that issued Thursday 's ruling , or before the entire 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeal . But Thursday 's decision made it clear the family has only 14 days to decide whether to request a rehearing at that level . & amp;UR ; & amp;LR ; ` ` Expect no extensions , ' ' the court instructed . The ruling follows six months of international family infighting , political recriminations and wide - spread protests in both Miami and Cuba over the fate of the 6-year - old boy . Making Juan Miguel Gonzalez his son 's legal representative would have allowed him to simply drop the asylum request and head for home . Elian 's mother and 10 others died , but the boy survived by clinging to an inner tube . The Miami relatives appealed that decision , and obtained an injunction requiring Elian to remain in the United States until the asylum question worked its way through the courts . Shortly after the appellate panel released its decision , attorney Coffey filed an emergency request to Supreme Court Justice Anthony M. Kennedy ( who has jurisdiction over such matters from Florida ) requesting assurance that Elian will remain in the United States until the full Supreme Court can consider a formal appeal . But Reno said the request to Kennedy serves no purpose since the injunction blocking Elian 's return to Cuba still applies . However , Justice Department officials said the appellate court could decide to waive the extra seven - day period . In a statement read on Cuban television , Castro 's government expressed its displeasure at still another delay in Elian 's return . 	answer: negative
event: it alleging that the hostile offer violates a standstill agreement between the two concerns starts after an investor group led by New York - based Crescott Investment Associates story: Dataproducts Inc. said it filed a lawsuit in Delaware Chancery Court to block a tender offer by DPC Acquisition Partners ,  alleging that the hostile offer violates a standstill agreement between the two concerns . DPC , an investor group  led by New York - based Crescott Investment Associates , had itself filed a suit in state court in Los Angeles seeking to nullify the agreement . Earlier this year , Dataproducts had rejected a $ 15 a share offer from DPC , saying it was n't adequately financed . DPC last week launched a new , $ 10-a - share offer for the Woodland Hills , Calif.-based computer printer maker . DPC said it could n't comment on the suit . 	answer: positive
event: it alleging that the hostile offer violates a standstill agreement between the two concerns starts before an investor group led by New York - based Crescott Investment Associates story: Dataproducts Inc. said it filed a lawsuit in Delaware Chancery Court to block a tender offer by DPC Acquisition Partners ,  alleging that the hostile offer violates a standstill agreement between the two concerns . DPC , an investor group  led by New York - based Crescott Investment Associates , had itself filed a suit in state court in Los Angeles seeking to nullify the agreement . Earlier this year , Dataproducts had rejected a $ 15 a share offer from DPC , saying it was n't adequately financed . DPC last week launched a new , $ 10-a - share offer for the Woodland Hills , Calif.-based computer printer maker . DPC said it could n't comment on the suit . 	answer: negative
event: I just work in my pharmacy every day starts before and I pray for a resolution in our country ( Cuba ) that is without violence she said story: No Cuban flags sway from its door and no political signs pushing for the case of young Elian Gonzalez hang from its windows . She is Fidel Castro 's younger sister , Juanita . ` ` This has become too politicized , in both Cuba and Miami , and too many people are profiting from this tragedy . I think people have forgotten that this is a human issue . ' ' Juanita Castro , who arrived in Miami in 1961 , believes the custody of the child should be worked out between his family members . She is not certain whether the boy should stay in the United States , but she feels that since he 's been here so long , he should be afforded the opportunity to live in a free country . And it 's now become a tragedy . ' ' Dressed in a dark pink blazer and cream color pants , the sister of the Cuban dictator walked around the pharmacy talking warmly with her customers . She said she she sometimes talks to family members back in Cuba . ` ` I have sisters that I still speak to , ' ' she said , ` ` and this situation is driving people crazy . ' ' ` ` Nobody talks to Fidel , because he does n't listen , ' ' Juanita Castro said . Juanita Castro said she has not visited the Miami relatives of Elian Gonzalez and has no plans to do so . Although she supports the cause of Miami 's Cubans in their struggle against her brother 's government , she said she prefers to keep a low profile when it comes to politics . He 's been through a lot . ' ' 	answer: positive
event: I just work in my pharmacy every day starts after and I pray for a resolution in our country ( Cuba ) that is without violence she said story: No Cuban flags sway from its door and no political signs pushing for the case of young Elian Gonzalez hang from its windows . She is Fidel Castro 's younger sister , Juanita . ` ` This has become too politicized , in both Cuba and Miami , and too many people are profiting from this tragedy . I think people have forgotten that this is a human issue . ' ' Juanita Castro , who arrived in Miami in 1961 , believes the custody of the child should be worked out between his family members . She is not certain whether the boy should stay in the United States , but she feels that since he 's been here so long , he should be afforded the opportunity to live in a free country . And it 's now become a tragedy . ' ' Dressed in a dark pink blazer and cream color pants , the sister of the Cuban dictator walked around the pharmacy talking warmly with her customers . She said she she sometimes talks to family members back in Cuba . ` ` I have sisters that I still speak to , ' ' she said , ` ` and this situation is driving people crazy . ' ' ` ` Nobody talks to Fidel , because he does n't listen , ' ' Juanita Castro said . Juanita Castro said she has not visited the Miami relatives of Elian Gonzalez and has no plans to do so . Although she supports the cause of Miami 's Cubans in their struggle against her brother 's government , she said she prefers to keep a low profile when it comes to politics . He 's been through a lot . ' ' 	answer: negative
event: In the year - earlier third quarter Poughkeepsie Savings had net income of $ 2.8 million , or 77 cents a share starts before Poughkeepsie said it is continuing to try to sell itself , under a June agreement with a dissident - shareholder group story: Poughkeepsie Savings Bank said a plan to sell its South Carolina branch offices to First Citizens Bank , of Columbia , S.C. , fell through . Poughkeepsie also expects to post a one - time charge of $ 8.3 million , resulting in a net loss for the third quarter . The charge represents a write - down of the goodwill associated with Poughkeepsie 's investment in the banks it is trying to sell and its North Carolina branches as well . The thrift announced the plan Aug. 21 . Among other reasons , high fees regulators imposed on certain transfers of thrift deposits to commercial banks " substantially altered the economics of the transaction for both parties , " Poughkeepsie said . Additionally , the bank is increasing its loan - loss reserves for the third quarter by $ 8.5 million before taxes . In the year - earlier third quarter , Poughkeepsie Savings  had net income of $ 2.8 million , or 77 cents a share . Poughkeepsie  said it is continuing to try to sell itself , under a June agreement with a dissident - shareholder group . The bank also said its effort would continue past the Nov. 1 deadline set in that agreement and that the litigation between the two sides might resume as a result . The thrift and the holders had suspended their lawsuits as part of the agreement . 	answer: positive
event: In the year - earlier third quarter Poughkeepsie Savings had net income of $ 2.8 million , or 77 cents a share starts after Poughkeepsie said it is continuing to try to sell itself , under a June agreement with a dissident - shareholder group story: Poughkeepsie Savings Bank said a plan to sell its South Carolina branch offices to First Citizens Bank , of Columbia , S.C. , fell through . Poughkeepsie also expects to post a one - time charge of $ 8.3 million , resulting in a net loss for the third quarter . The charge represents a write - down of the goodwill associated with Poughkeepsie 's investment in the banks it is trying to sell and its North Carolina branches as well . The thrift announced the plan Aug. 21 . Among other reasons , high fees regulators imposed on certain transfers of thrift deposits to commercial banks " substantially altered the economics of the transaction for both parties , " Poughkeepsie said . Additionally , the bank is increasing its loan - loss reserves for the third quarter by $ 8.5 million before taxes . In the year - earlier third quarter , Poughkeepsie Savings  had net income of $ 2.8 million , or 77 cents a share . Poughkeepsie  said it is continuing to try to sell itself , under a June agreement with a dissident - shareholder group . The bank also said its effort would continue past the Nov. 1 deadline set in that agreement and that the litigation between the two sides might resume as a result . The thrift and the holders had suspended their lawsuits as part of the agreement . 	answer: negative
event: many becoming increasingly successful at recruiting younger members through the use of Internet web pages and the promotion of racist rock music starts after The Internet certainly helped uh hate mongers to organize and uh to feel that they are part of a larger community , even if uh they are essentially uh , you know story: A new report says there has been a dramatic rise in the growth of hate groups in the United States over the past year . And many of them are using the Internet to spread their messages of racial superiority . VOA 's Jim Teple has details from our southeast news bureau . The Southern Poverty Law Center , a civil rights monitoring group based in Montgomery , Alabama , has long monitored such groups as the Ku Klux Klan . Mr. Potach says the growth is surprising since membership in hate groups usually declines during periods of economic prosperity . We in fact have seen hate group numbers dropping through the nineties , uh but this year they jumped up uh twenty percent , quite a dramatic rise . Mark Potach says over four hundred hate groups have been identified and many are  becoming increasingly successful at recruiting younger members through the use of Internet web pages and the promotion of racist rock music . Uh , there are over fifty thousand CDs a year sold with uh lyrics that are quite uh unbelievable . Many of these new members are joining chapters of the so called Christian Identity Movement which cites Biblical scripture as a foundation for a belief in white supremacy and anti - semitism . The approach of the year two thousand has many of these groups in a kind of millennial frenzy . Uh , uh a- Mr. Potach notes older , more traditional groups like the Ku Klux Klan are also opening new chapters , thanks in part to their ability to use new technologies like the Internet . Jim Teple , VOA News , Miami . 	answer: positive
event: many becoming increasingly successful at recruiting younger members through the use of Internet web pages and the promotion of racist rock music starts before The Internet certainly helped uh hate mongers to organize and uh to feel that they are part of a larger community , even if uh they are essentially uh , you know story: A new report says there has been a dramatic rise in the growth of hate groups in the United States over the past year . And many of them are using the Internet to spread their messages of racial superiority . VOA 's Jim Teple has details from our southeast news bureau . The Southern Poverty Law Center , a civil rights monitoring group based in Montgomery , Alabama , has long monitored such groups as the Ku Klux Klan . Mr. Potach says the growth is surprising since membership in hate groups usually declines during periods of economic prosperity . We in fact have seen hate group numbers dropping through the nineties , uh but this year they jumped up uh twenty percent , quite a dramatic rise . Mark Potach says over four hundred hate groups have been identified and many are  becoming increasingly successful at recruiting younger members through the use of Internet web pages and the promotion of racist rock music . Uh , there are over fifty thousand CDs a year sold with uh lyrics that are quite uh unbelievable . Many of these new members are joining chapters of the so called Christian Identity Movement which cites Biblical scripture as a foundation for a belief in white supremacy and anti - semitism . The approach of the year two thousand has many of these groups in a kind of millennial frenzy . Uh , uh a- Mr. Potach notes older , more traditional groups like the Ku Klux Klan are also opening new chapters , thanks in part to their ability to use new technologies like the Internet . Jim Teple , VOA News , Miami . 	answer: negative
event: He added that final guidelines to be published in early November will determine whether the bank is in compliance starts after it retained three investment bankers to assist it in developing and implementing a financial restructuring plan story: A spokesman said the savings bank may not qualify for the capital requirements because , under the proposed guidelines , its $ 380 million of preferred stock does n't meet the " core capital " criteria outlined under the new Financial Institutions Reform , Recovery and Enforcement Act of 1989 . He  added that final guidelines to be published in early November will determine whether the bank is in compliance . Crossland said it  retained three investment bankers to assist it in developing and implementing a financial restructuring plan . It would n't identify the bankers . Additionally , Crossland reported a third - quarter loss of $ 175.5 million , or $ 13.44 a share , compared with net income of $ 27.1 million , or $ 1.16 a share , a year ago . A major factor in the third - quarter loss was the write - down of $ 143.6 million of goodwill . The spokesman said that the proposed guidelines caused Crossland to revise its business objectives and , consequently , to write down the asset value of some previous acquisitions . Net interest income for the third quarter declined to $ 35.6 million from $ 70.1 million a year ago . However , non - interest income rose to $ 23.5 million from $ 22 million . Third - quarter loan originations dropped sharply to $ 663 million from $ 1 billion a year ago . It also placed on CreditWatch for possible downgrade other securities , including the double - B - minus / B rating of Crossland 's certificates of deposit and the single - B rating of its senior subordinated capital notes . 	answer: positive
event: He added that final guidelines to be published in early November will determine whether the bank is in compliance starts before it retained three investment bankers to assist it in developing and implementing a financial restructuring plan story: A spokesman said the savings bank may not qualify for the capital requirements because , under the proposed guidelines , its $ 380 million of preferred stock does n't meet the " core capital " criteria outlined under the new Financial Institutions Reform , Recovery and Enforcement Act of 1989 . He  added that final guidelines to be published in early November will determine whether the bank is in compliance . Crossland said it  retained three investment bankers to assist it in developing and implementing a financial restructuring plan . It would n't identify the bankers . Additionally , Crossland reported a third - quarter loss of $ 175.5 million , or $ 13.44 a share , compared with net income of $ 27.1 million , or $ 1.16 a share , a year ago . A major factor in the third - quarter loss was the write - down of $ 143.6 million of goodwill . The spokesman said that the proposed guidelines caused Crossland to revise its business objectives and , consequently , to write down the asset value of some previous acquisitions . Net interest income for the third quarter declined to $ 35.6 million from $ 70.1 million a year ago . However , non - interest income rose to $ 23.5 million from $ 22 million . Third - quarter loan originations dropped sharply to $ 663 million from $ 1 billion a year ago . It also placed on CreditWatch for possible downgrade other securities , including the double - B - minus / B rating of Crossland 's certificates of deposit and the single - B rating of its senior subordinated capital notes . 	answer: negative
event: The angry crowd rushed at Manuel Gonzalez as he stepped out of Miami 's federal courthouse , shaking fists at him and shouting in Spanish , ` ` communista ' ' and ` ` traitor starts before he shouting in Spanish ` communista ' ' and ` ` traitor story: Reno denied the request , but Manuel Gonzalez did n't back down . ` ` I have lost a son , ' ' Gonzalez told reporters later , referring to his own son 's death due to cancer . Elian should be with his father . ' After weeks of high - profile public sparring _ with charges of abuse , spying and treachery flying back and forth across the Florida Straits _ it would seem the chances are slim that the Gonzalez family could ever heal the wounds created by the Elian saga . Her brother Delfin , who was imprisoned as an anti - Castro activist in the 1960s , followed in 1979 . Of those who stayed in Cuba , Juan Miguel 's father , Juan Gonzalez , seems the most closely allied with the Cuban government . For decades , Cuban Americans in Miami were largely cut off from the families they left behind . Labeled ` ` worms ' ' and ` ` traitors ' ' by Castro , many were n't able to speak to _ much less visit By some estimates , the 700,000 Cubans living in South Florida _ and elsewhere in the United States _ send $ 1 billion a year in remittances back to their families on the island . The day before last Tuesday 's federal court hearing , Manuel went to Lazaro 's home to try to work out their differences . Manuel Gonzalez has told reporters that he believes his family will recover _ at least partially _ from the divisions Elian 's case has brought . ` ` But the scars will always be there . ' 	answer: positive
event: The angry crowd rushed at Manuel Gonzalez as he stepped out of Miami 's federal courthouse , shaking fists at him and shouting in Spanish , ` ` communista ' ' and ` ` traitor starts after he shouting in Spanish ` communista ' ' and ` ` traitor story: Reno denied the request , but Manuel Gonzalez did n't back down . ` ` I have lost a son , ' ' Gonzalez told reporters later , referring to his own son 's death due to cancer . Elian should be with his father . ' After weeks of high - profile public sparring _ with charges of abuse , spying and treachery flying back and forth across the Florida Straits _ it would seem the chances are slim that the Gonzalez family could ever heal the wounds created by the Elian saga . Her brother Delfin , who was imprisoned as an anti - Castro activist in the 1960s , followed in 1979 . Of those who stayed in Cuba , Juan Miguel 's father , Juan Gonzalez , seems the most closely allied with the Cuban government . For decades , Cuban Americans in Miami were largely cut off from the families they left behind . Labeled ` ` worms ' ' and ` ` traitors ' ' by Castro , many were n't able to speak to _ much less visit By some estimates , the 700,000 Cubans living in South Florida _ and elsewhere in the United States _ send $ 1 billion a year in remittances back to their families on the island . The day before last Tuesday 's federal court hearing , Manuel went to Lazaro 's home to try to work out their differences . Manuel Gonzalez has told reporters that he believes his family will recover _ at least partially _ from the divisions Elian 's case has brought . ` ` But the scars will always be there . ' 	answer: negative
event: Taking the stand in her own defense a friend of Yitzhak Rabin 's assassin starts after she calling the prime minister a traitor story:  Taking the stand in her own defense , a friend of Yitzhak Rabin 's assassin said Friday that she regretted  calling the prime minister a traitor and praying for his death . She took the stand for more than four hours Friday in a Tel Aviv magistrate 's court . Amir , 27 , is serving a life sentence for the November 1995 assassination of Rabin at a Tel Aviv peace rally . Newspaper reports have said Amir was infatuated with Har - Shefi and may have been trying to impress her by killing the prime minister . Har - Shefi acknowledged she told police interrogators that Rabin was a traitor and that she prayed for him to have a heart attack and die . Israel radio and Israel army radio reported . Har - Shefi said she heard Amir talk about killing Rabin but did not tell the police because she did not believe he was serious . Instead , she turned to her community rabbi in the Jewish West Bank settlement of Beit El and told him about Amir 's statements . The rabbi said called the talk about killing Rabin ` ` nonsense , ' ' and said Jews are prohibited from killing one another , the radio reports said . Har - Shefi described Amir as an ` ` original thinker , ' ' as well as delusional and a liar . She also denied accusations made by Amir 's brother , Hagai , that she joined an anti - Arab underground movement . She said she gave the Amir brothers false information regarding the location of a weapons and ammunition cache when they asked her to help organize such a movement . 	answer: positive
event: Taking the stand in her own defense a friend of Yitzhak Rabin 's assassin starts before she calling the prime minister a traitor story:  Taking the stand in her own defense , a friend of Yitzhak Rabin 's assassin said Friday that she regretted  calling the prime minister a traitor and praying for his death . She took the stand for more than four hours Friday in a Tel Aviv magistrate 's court . Amir , 27 , is serving a life sentence for the November 1995 assassination of Rabin at a Tel Aviv peace rally . Newspaper reports have said Amir was infatuated with Har - Shefi and may have been trying to impress her by killing the prime minister . Har - Shefi acknowledged she told police interrogators that Rabin was a traitor and that she prayed for him to have a heart attack and die . Israel radio and Israel army radio reported . Har - Shefi said she heard Amir talk about killing Rabin but did not tell the police because she did not believe he was serious . Instead , she turned to her community rabbi in the Jewish West Bank settlement of Beit El and told him about Amir 's statements . The rabbi said called the talk about killing Rabin ` ` nonsense , ' ' and said Jews are prohibited from killing one another , the radio reports said . Har - Shefi described Amir as an ` ` original thinker , ' ' as well as delusional and a liar . She also denied accusations made by Amir 's brother , Hagai , that she joined an anti - Arab underground movement . She said she gave the Amir brothers false information regarding the location of a weapons and ammunition cache when they asked her to help organize such a movement . 	answer: negative
event: Kopp 's car crossing the Canadian border around the days _ in 1994 , 1995 and 1997 starts after three Canadian doctors who perform abortions story: A federal grand jury has already been addressing the slaying under laws that prohibit violence against providers of abortion . Slepian was the mainstay of Buffalo 's only abortion clinic before he was shot to death last Oct. 23 at his home in suburban Amherst . Clark said in a telephone interview Monday . Although the authorities are not saying who the suspect is , all of the attention so far has fallen on James C. Kopp , a 44-year - old anti - abortion protester who had been traveling around the country from demonstration to demonstration for years . Officially , Kopp is being sought as a ` ` material witness ' ' in the case . Clark said it was easier to seek extradition of an indicted suspect from another state or a foreign country than of someone wanted as a material witness . For now , though , that would be a theoretical advantage since the authorities have admitted they have no idea where Kopp is . The rifle was discovered April 8 buried one foot below the ground , about 200 feet behind Slepian 's house . It is undergoing testing at the FBI laboratory in Washington , but the authorities have said it resembles the kind of high - powered rifle used in the slaying . There also are videotapes of Kopp 's car  crossing the Canadian border around the days _ in 1994 , 1995 and 1997 _ that three Canadian doctors who  perform abortions were shot at . New York State double - jeopardy laws would make it difficult to prosecute a suspect who had been found not guilty at a federal trial . 	answer: positive
event: Kopp 's car crossing the Canadian border around the days _ in 1994 , 1995 and 1997 starts before three Canadian doctors who perform abortions story: A federal grand jury has already been addressing the slaying under laws that prohibit violence against providers of abortion . Slepian was the mainstay of Buffalo 's only abortion clinic before he was shot to death last Oct. 23 at his home in suburban Amherst . Clark said in a telephone interview Monday . Although the authorities are not saying who the suspect is , all of the attention so far has fallen on James C. Kopp , a 44-year - old anti - abortion protester who had been traveling around the country from demonstration to demonstration for years . Officially , Kopp is being sought as a ` ` material witness ' ' in the case . Clark said it was easier to seek extradition of an indicted suspect from another state or a foreign country than of someone wanted as a material witness . For now , though , that would be a theoretical advantage since the authorities have admitted they have no idea where Kopp is . The rifle was discovered April 8 buried one foot below the ground , about 200 feet behind Slepian 's house . It is undergoing testing at the FBI laboratory in Washington , but the authorities have said it resembles the kind of high - powered rifle used in the slaying . There also are videotapes of Kopp 's car  crossing the Canadian border around the days _ in 1994 , 1995 and 1997 _ that three Canadian doctors who  perform abortions were shot at . New York State double - jeopardy laws would make it difficult to prosecute a suspect who had been found not guilty at a federal trial . 	answer: negative
event: Steel plates recovered at the Olympic park bombing starts after a machine shop in north Carolina where a friend of Rudolph worked story: Live from Atalanta , good evening Lynne Russell , CNN headline news . Pierre Thomas has the latest . ninety - six . A bomb blast shocks the Olympic games . One person is killed . January nineteen ninety - seven . Atlanta again . This time a bomb at an abortion clinic . More people are hurt . And just last month , an off duty policeman is killed when a bomb explodes at another abortion clinic . Location , Birmingham , Alabama . Now officials are investigating whether , Rudolph , who remains at large , is linked to all three attacks . The reason , authorities have discovered tantalizing new evidence . Steel plates  recovered at the Olympic park bombing appear to match those found at the abortion clinic bombing in Atlanta . A senior law enforcement source tells CNN , there is a lot of circumstantial evidence and it would be extraordinary to have all these bits and pieces and there not be a connection . And law enforcement sources say they ca n't ignore letters penned under the name army of god . Army of god is a secret organization that hates abortion providers , homosexuals and the US government . Army of god letters claim responsibility for the Atlanta abortion clinic bombing , a nineteen ninety - seven attack on a gay lounge and the Birmingham assault . An intense manhunt conducted by the FBI and the bureau of alcohol , tobacco and firearms continues for Rudolph in the wilderness of western north Carolina . Privately , authorities say Rudolph has become a focus of their investigation . The reason , they remember Richard Jewell . pierre thomas , CNN , Washington . 	answer: positive
event: Steel plates recovered at the Olympic park bombing starts before a machine shop in north Carolina where a friend of Rudolph worked story: Live from Atalanta , good evening Lynne Russell , CNN headline news . Pierre Thomas has the latest . ninety - six . A bomb blast shocks the Olympic games . One person is killed . January nineteen ninety - seven . Atlanta again . This time a bomb at an abortion clinic . More people are hurt . And just last month , an off duty policeman is killed when a bomb explodes at another abortion clinic . Location , Birmingham , Alabama . Now officials are investigating whether , Rudolph , who remains at large , is linked to all three attacks . The reason , authorities have discovered tantalizing new evidence . Steel plates  recovered at the Olympic park bombing appear to match those found at the abortion clinic bombing in Atlanta . A senior law enforcement source tells CNN , there is a lot of circumstantial evidence and it would be extraordinary to have all these bits and pieces and there not be a connection . And law enforcement sources say they ca n't ignore letters penned under the name army of god . Army of god is a secret organization that hates abortion providers , homosexuals and the US government . Army of god letters claim responsibility for the Atlanta abortion clinic bombing , a nineteen ninety - seven attack on a gay lounge and the Birmingham assault . An intense manhunt conducted by the FBI and the bureau of alcohol , tobacco and firearms continues for Rudolph in the wilderness of western north Carolina . Privately , authorities say Rudolph has become a focus of their investigation . The reason , they remember Richard Jewell . pierre thomas , CNN , Washington . 	answer: negative
event: Nashua strengthened its poison - pill plan after announcing a Dutch firm is seeking to buy up to 25 % of the New Hampshire copier company starts after Nashua announcing a Dutch firm is seeking to buy up to 25 % of the New Hampshire copier company story: PROGRAM TRADING is being curbed by more securities firms , but big institutional investors are expected to continue the practice , further roiling the stock market . Several Big Board firms are organizing to complain about program trading and the exchange 's role in it . The slowdown raises questions about the economy 's strength because spending fueled much of the third - quarter GNP growth . Meanwhile , personal income edged up 0.3 % . Southern 's Gulf Power unit may plead guilty this week to charges it illegally steered company money to politicians through third parties . But the new pact will force huge debt on the new firm and could still fail to thwart rival suitor McCaw Cellular . RJR Nabisco agreed to sell three candy businesses to Nestle for $ 370 million . Still , analysts said the accord does n't suggest Japan is opening up to more foreign takeovers . Kellogg suspended work on a $ 1 billion cereal plant , indicating a pessimistic outlook by the cereal maker , which has been losing market share . Nashua  strengthened its poison - pill plan after  announcing a Dutch firm is seeking to buy up to 25 % of the New Hampshire copier company . Mobil is cutting back its U.S. oil and gas exploration and production group by up to 15 % as part of a restructuring of the business . Markets Stocks : Volume 170,330,000 shares . Dow Jones industrials 2596.72 , off 17.01 ; transportation 1190.43 , off 14.76 ; utilities 215.86 , up 0.19 . Commodities : Dow Jones futures index 129.49 , up 0.27 ; spot index 130.80 , off 0.24 . 	answer: positive
event: Nashua strengthened its poison - pill plan after announcing a Dutch firm is seeking to buy up to 25 % of the New Hampshire copier company starts before Nashua announcing a Dutch firm is seeking to buy up to 25 % of the New Hampshire copier company story: PROGRAM TRADING is being curbed by more securities firms , but big institutional investors are expected to continue the practice , further roiling the stock market . Several Big Board firms are organizing to complain about program trading and the exchange 's role in it . The slowdown raises questions about the economy 's strength because spending fueled much of the third - quarter GNP growth . Meanwhile , personal income edged up 0.3 % . Southern 's Gulf Power unit may plead guilty this week to charges it illegally steered company money to politicians through third parties . But the new pact will force huge debt on the new firm and could still fail to thwart rival suitor McCaw Cellular . RJR Nabisco agreed to sell three candy businesses to Nestle for $ 370 million . Still , analysts said the accord does n't suggest Japan is opening up to more foreign takeovers . Kellogg suspended work on a $ 1 billion cereal plant , indicating a pessimistic outlook by the cereal maker , which has been losing market share . Nashua  strengthened its poison - pill plan after  announcing a Dutch firm is seeking to buy up to 25 % of the New Hampshire copier company . Mobil is cutting back its U.S. oil and gas exploration and production group by up to 15 % as part of a restructuring of the business . Markets Stocks : Volume 170,330,000 shares . Dow Jones industrials 2596.72 , off 17.01 ; transportation 1190.43 , off 14.76 ; utilities 215.86 , up 0.19 . Commodities : Dow Jones futures index 129.49 , up 0.27 ; spot index 130.80 , off 0.24 . 	answer: negative
event: a move that many see as courageous and principled starts before ` I have lost a son Gonzalez told reporters later referring to his own son 's death due to cancer story: In a drama that has divided his once close - knit family and may finally be resolved in a court hearing the week of March 6 , Manuel Gonzalez , 59 , a soft - spoken bus mechanic , has remained largely out of the glare of television lights . Until this week . Alone among his two brothers and two sisters who have fled Cuba for Miami , Manuel Gonzalez believes Elian should go back to Cuba to live with his father . It was a move that many  see as courageous and principled , but others fear may be foolhardy . ' After weeks of high - profile public sparring _ with charges of abuse , spying and treachery flying back and forth across the Florida Straits _ it would seem the chances are slim that the Gonzalez family could ever heal the wounds created by the Elian saga . ` ` Cubans value their families above almost anything , but the post-1959 politics have managed to split thousands of families apart , ' ' he said . For decades , Cuban Americans in Miami were largely cut off from the families they left behind . By some estimates , the 700,000 Cubans living in South Florida _ and elsewhere in the United States _ send $ 1 billion a year in remittances back to their families on the island . Neither side would say what happened , but when Manuel returned to his house , he was so upset he felt heart palpitations and was taken to a hospital . 	answer: positive
event: a move that many see as courageous and principled starts after ` I have lost a son Gonzalez told reporters later referring to his own son 's death due to cancer story: In a drama that has divided his once close - knit family and may finally be resolved in a court hearing the week of March 6 , Manuel Gonzalez , 59 , a soft - spoken bus mechanic , has remained largely out of the glare of television lights . Until this week . Alone among his two brothers and two sisters who have fled Cuba for Miami , Manuel Gonzalez believes Elian should go back to Cuba to live with his father . It was a move that many  see as courageous and principled , but others fear may be foolhardy . ' After weeks of high - profile public sparring _ with charges of abuse , spying and treachery flying back and forth across the Florida Straits _ it would seem the chances are slim that the Gonzalez family could ever heal the wounds created by the Elian saga . ` ` Cubans value their families above almost anything , but the post-1959 politics have managed to split thousands of families apart , ' ' he said . For decades , Cuban Americans in Miami were largely cut off from the families they left behind . By some estimates , the 700,000 Cubans living in South Florida _ and elsewhere in the United States _ send $ 1 billion a year in remittances back to their families on the island . Neither side would say what happened , but when Manuel returned to his house , he was so upset he felt heart palpitations and was taken to a hospital . 	answer: negative
event: Sanjurjo sipping a cafecito in front of Versailles restaurant , the nerve center for Cuban political discussions here in Little Havana starts after like many others here the entourage designed to prevent any defections story: And they question _ or ridicule _ news that the boy 's father is planning to come here to retrieve his son . ` ` But it is Cuba . Over and over , Cuban Americans said that outsiders who did not suffer under the Castro regime simply could not understand their passions in the Elian standoff . ` ` Juan Miguel Gonzalez is ready at a moment 's notice to come to the United States , ' ' said Craig . But in Miami , many Cuban Americans said Castro is orchestrating the visit . Castro said Gonzalez would travel with his current wife and their son , a top government official , doctors , nurses , psychiatrists , Elian 's Cuban kindergarten teacher , classmates and his old school desk . Miranda said Elian 's father will be ` ` a virtual prisoner here if he comes with all those people . Who 's to say that he 's better off at Disney World and eating fast food here instead if breathing the fresh air of Cuba . ' ' Eric Pichardo , 44 , is from Nicaragua , and said the Cuban - Americans ` ` need to follow the law . What about all the other poor kids in South and Central America ? ' ' Not all Cuban - Americans insist that Elian be allowed to stay . ` ` It would be ideal if his father came , ' ' and then stayed , in Miami . 	answer: positive
event: Sanjurjo sipping a cafecito in front of Versailles restaurant , the nerve center for Cuban political discussions here in Little Havana starts before like many others here the entourage designed to prevent any defections story: And they question _ or ridicule _ news that the boy 's father is planning to come here to retrieve his son . ` ` But it is Cuba . Over and over , Cuban Americans said that outsiders who did not suffer under the Castro regime simply could not understand their passions in the Elian standoff . ` ` Juan Miguel Gonzalez is ready at a moment 's notice to come to the United States , ' ' said Craig . But in Miami , many Cuban Americans said Castro is orchestrating the visit . Castro said Gonzalez would travel with his current wife and their son , a top government official , doctors , nurses , psychiatrists , Elian 's Cuban kindergarten teacher , classmates and his old school desk . Miranda said Elian 's father will be ` ` a virtual prisoner here if he comes with all those people . Who 's to say that he 's better off at Disney World and eating fast food here instead if breathing the fresh air of Cuba . ' ' Eric Pichardo , 44 , is from Nicaragua , and said the Cuban - Americans ` ` need to follow the law . What about all the other poor kids in South and Central America ? ' ' Not all Cuban - Americans insist that Elian be allowed to stay . ` ` It would be ideal if his father came , ' ' and then stayed , in Miami . 	answer: negative
event: We innovated telephone redemptions , daily dividends , total elimination of share certificates and the constant $ 1 pershare pricing , all of which were painfully thought out and not the result of some inadvertence on the part of the SEC starts after the constant $ 1 pershare pricing all of which painfully thought story: I was pleased to note that your Oct. 23 Centennial Journal item recognized the money - fund concept as one of the significant events of the past century . Actually , about two years ago , the Journal listed the creation of the money fund as one of the 10 most significant events in the world of finance in the 20th century . But the Reserve Fund , America 's first money fund , was not named , nor were the creators of the money - fund concept , Harry Brown and myself . We  innovated telephone redemptions , daily dividends , total elimination of share certificates and the constant $ 1 pershare pricing , all of which were painfully  thought out and not the result of some inadvertence on the part of the SEC . BRUCE R. BENT President The Reserve Fund New York 	answer: positive
event: We innovated telephone redemptions , daily dividends , total elimination of share certificates and the constant $ 1 pershare pricing , all of which were painfully thought out and not the result of some inadvertence on the part of the SEC starts before the constant $ 1 pershare pricing all of which painfully thought story: I was pleased to note that your Oct. 23 Centennial Journal item recognized the money - fund concept as one of the significant events of the past century . Actually , about two years ago , the Journal listed the creation of the money fund as one of the 10 most significant events in the world of finance in the 20th century . But the Reserve Fund , America 's first money fund , was not named , nor were the creators of the money - fund concept , Harry Brown and myself . We  innovated telephone redemptions , daily dividends , total elimination of share certificates and the constant $ 1 pershare pricing , all of which were painfully  thought out and not the result of some inadvertence on the part of the SEC . BRUCE R. BENT President The Reserve Fund New York 	answer: negative
event: Late in the day lawyers for Elian 's Miami family emerged from their third day - long meeting with federal officials starts before We continue to be very concerned about the mental and psychological well - being of this 6-year - old said Manny Diaz , one of the family 's attorneys story: With a tense Miami waiting , federal immigration officials said Monday they will order the Miami relatives of 6-year - old Cuban rafter Elian Gonzalez to turn the boy over to his father , who could come to the U.S. from Cuba as early as Tuesday . ` ` Our goal is to reunite Elian and his father , ' ' said Maria Cardona , a spokeswoman for the U.S. Immigration and Naturalization Service . The group might come to the U.S. as soon as Tuesday , according to unconfirmed media reports . But Miami 's volatile Cuban exiles continued to vow they would block any attempt to take Elian from the Little Havana home where he has been living with his Miami relatives , with some predicting bloodshed if federal agents come for the boy . The rush of events caps a four - month ordeal that has seen Elian catapulted into the center an international tug - of - war . Last week , federal officials sought to have the family must sign an agreement to turn the boy over voluntarily should they lose their appeal . The family refused to sign the agreement through two days of negotiations , and INS extended its deadline until 9 a.m. EST Tuesday . The terms of the talks changed dramatically , however , when Castro announced last Wednesday that the boy 's father was ready to travel to the United States . But in Miami , Cuban exiles insist the majority of Americans do n't understand the dynamics of life in Cuba . ` ` His father will be Fidel Castro , the worst dictator in history . ' ' 	answer: positive
event: Late in the day lawyers for Elian 's Miami family emerged from their third day - long meeting with federal officials starts after We continue to be very concerned about the mental and psychological well - being of this 6-year - old said Manny Diaz , one of the family 's attorneys story: With a tense Miami waiting , federal immigration officials said Monday they will order the Miami relatives of 6-year - old Cuban rafter Elian Gonzalez to turn the boy over to his father , who could come to the U.S. from Cuba as early as Tuesday . ` ` Our goal is to reunite Elian and his father , ' ' said Maria Cardona , a spokeswoman for the U.S. Immigration and Naturalization Service . The group might come to the U.S. as soon as Tuesday , according to unconfirmed media reports . But Miami 's volatile Cuban exiles continued to vow they would block any attempt to take Elian from the Little Havana home where he has been living with his Miami relatives , with some predicting bloodshed if federal agents come for the boy . The rush of events caps a four - month ordeal that has seen Elian catapulted into the center an international tug - of - war . Last week , federal officials sought to have the family must sign an agreement to turn the boy over voluntarily should they lose their appeal . The family refused to sign the agreement through two days of negotiations , and INS extended its deadline until 9 a.m. EST Tuesday . The terms of the talks changed dramatically , however , when Castro announced last Wednesday that the boy 's father was ready to travel to the United States . But in Miami , Cuban exiles insist the majority of Americans do n't understand the dynamics of life in Cuba . ` ` His father will be Fidel Castro , the worst dictator in history . ' ' 	answer: negative
event: Wall Street 's rapid initial sell - off knocked it starts after London shares depressed initially by overnight losses in New York and by the drop in sterling after Mr. Lawson 's resignation story: London share prices closed sharply lower Friday in active trading after Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson 's resignation slapped the market and Wall Street 's rapid initial sell - off  knocked it down . It showed some early resilience after central bank support firmed sterling , but the weight of Wall Street late in London trading , and signs of further weakness in the British pound , proved a hefty load to bear . The 30-share index settled 42.0 points lower at 1678.5 . A senior dealer with Warburg Securities noted British Gas , the most active blue - chip stock at 20 million shares traded , was affected by the political implications of Mr. Lawson 's departure and Mrs. Thatcher 's cabinet shuffle . First - section volume was estimated at 1.3 billion shares , up from 886 million shares Thursday . Dealers placed heavy buy orders in the morning to start the first trading day for November transactions . But they failed to sell these stocks to client investors , who were cautious about the sharp gains these issues made this week , the Wako official said . The DAX dropped 19.69 points Friday to 1462.93 . They said contributing to the downward drift was the fact that many professional traders had chosen to square positions ahead of the weekend . " What 's happening here is n't justified by the fundamentals . Traders said the market remains extremely nervous because of the wild swings seen on the New York Stock Exchange last week . The percentage change is since year - end . 	answer: positive
event: Wall Street 's rapid initial sell - off knocked it starts before London shares depressed initially by overnight losses in New York and by the drop in sterling after Mr. Lawson 's resignation story: London share prices closed sharply lower Friday in active trading after Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson 's resignation slapped the market and Wall Street 's rapid initial sell - off  knocked it down . It showed some early resilience after central bank support firmed sterling , but the weight of Wall Street late in London trading , and signs of further weakness in the British pound , proved a hefty load to bear . The 30-share index settled 42.0 points lower at 1678.5 . A senior dealer with Warburg Securities noted British Gas , the most active blue - chip stock at 20 million shares traded , was affected by the political implications of Mr. Lawson 's departure and Mrs. Thatcher 's cabinet shuffle . First - section volume was estimated at 1.3 billion shares , up from 886 million shares Thursday . Dealers placed heavy buy orders in the morning to start the first trading day for November transactions . But they failed to sell these stocks to client investors , who were cautious about the sharp gains these issues made this week , the Wako official said . The DAX dropped 19.69 points Friday to 1462.93 . They said contributing to the downward drift was the fact that many professional traders had chosen to square positions ahead of the weekend . " What 's happening here is n't justified by the fundamentals . Traders said the market remains extremely nervous because of the wild swings seen on the New York Stock Exchange last week . The percentage change is since year - end . 	answer: negative
event: federal agents took the child by force in a pre - dawn raid on the Miami relatives ' home on April 22 starts after The father and his son lived for a month on a large , private estate in Maryland story: Elian could be forced to stay longer if the Miami relatives who are seeking asylum for the child over his Cuban father 's objections pursue further appeals . The ruling follows six months of international family infighting , political recriminations and wide - spread protests in both Miami and Cuba over the fate of the 6-year - old boy . But the Immigration and Naturalization Service 's decision to deny Elian an asylum hearing was ` ` within the outside border of reasonable choices , ' ' the opinion read . ` ` The court neither approves nor disapproves the INS ' decision to reject the asylum applications filed on plaintiff 's behalf , but the INS decision did not contradict ( federal law . ) ' ' Making Juan Miguel Gonzalez his son 's legal representative would have allowed him to simply drop the asylum request and head for home . ` ` We will keep fighting with the laws ... so Elian Gonzalez can live in a free country like his mother wanted , ' ' Lazaro Gonzalez said . Clinton said in a written statement issued from Berlin . Elian 's mother and 10 others died , but the boy survived by clinging to an inner tube . Elian 's Miami relatives took in the child , but then refused to return him to his surviving father in Cuba , citing the harshness of the Castro regime . The father and his son  lived for a month on a large , private estate in Maryland , but have recently moved to an affluent neighborhood in Washington , D.C. , to wait out the rest of their time in the United States . 	answer: positive
event: federal agents took the child by force in a pre - dawn raid on the Miami relatives ' home on April 22 starts before The father and his son lived for a month on a large , private estate in Maryland story: Elian could be forced to stay longer if the Miami relatives who are seeking asylum for the child over his Cuban father 's objections pursue further appeals . The ruling follows six months of international family infighting , political recriminations and wide - spread protests in both Miami and Cuba over the fate of the 6-year - old boy . But the Immigration and Naturalization Service 's decision to deny Elian an asylum hearing was ` ` within the outside border of reasonable choices , ' ' the opinion read . ` ` The court neither approves nor disapproves the INS ' decision to reject the asylum applications filed on plaintiff 's behalf , but the INS decision did not contradict ( federal law . ) ' ' Making Juan Miguel Gonzalez his son 's legal representative would have allowed him to simply drop the asylum request and head for home . ` ` We will keep fighting with the laws ... so Elian Gonzalez can live in a free country like his mother wanted , ' ' Lazaro Gonzalez said . Clinton said in a written statement issued from Berlin . Elian 's mother and 10 others died , but the boy survived by clinging to an inner tube . Elian 's Miami relatives took in the child , but then refused to return him to his surviving father in Cuba , citing the harshness of the Castro regime . The father and his son  lived for a month on a large , private estate in Maryland , but have recently moved to an affluent neighborhood in Washington , D.C. , to wait out the rest of their time in the United States . 	answer: negative
event: Although Eastern is back to about 80 % of its pre - strike schedule now the Texas Air Corp. subsidiary only beginning to get back on its feet during the quarter starts before Separately America West Airlines , Phoenix , Ariz. , reported third - quarter profit jumped 45 % to $ 5.8 million , or 28 cents a share , from $ 4 million , or 24 cents a share , a year earlier story: Delta Air Lines earnings soared 33 % to a record in the fiscal first quarter , bucking the industry trend toward declining profits . The Atlanta - based airline , the third largest in the U.S. , attributed the increase to higher passenger traffic , new international routes and reduced service by rival Eastern Airlines , which is in bankruptcy proceedings in the wake of a strike that began last spring . Revenue rose 15 % to $ 2.17 billion from $ 1.89 billion . During the quarter , Delta issued 2.5 million shares of common stock to Swissair , and repurchased 1.1 million shares for use in a company employee stock ownership plan . " The key to Delta 's record earnings continued to be excellent passenger revenue growth , " said Thomas Roeck , chief financial officer . Passenger traffic jumped 14 % in the quarter , while profit per passenger grew 2 % . Separately , America West Airlines , Phoenix , Ariz. ,  reported third - quarter profit jumped 45 % to $ 5.8 million , or 28 cents a share , from $ 4 million , or 24 cents a share , a year earlier . The latest results include a $ 2.6 million one - time payment from a " foreign entity . " America West would n't identify the entity , but said the payment was for the foreign company 's use of certain tax benefits in connection with America West plane purchases . Year - earlier results included an extraordinary gain of $ 1.6 million from a buy - back of convertible subordinated debentures . 	answer: positive
event: Although Eastern is back to about 80 % of its pre - strike schedule now the Texas Air Corp. subsidiary only beginning to get back on its feet during the quarter starts after Separately America West Airlines , Phoenix , Ariz. , reported third - quarter profit jumped 45 % to $ 5.8 million , or 28 cents a share , from $ 4 million , or 24 cents a share , a year earlier story: Delta Air Lines earnings soared 33 % to a record in the fiscal first quarter , bucking the industry trend toward declining profits . The Atlanta - based airline , the third largest in the U.S. , attributed the increase to higher passenger traffic , new international routes and reduced service by rival Eastern Airlines , which is in bankruptcy proceedings in the wake of a strike that began last spring . Revenue rose 15 % to $ 2.17 billion from $ 1.89 billion . During the quarter , Delta issued 2.5 million shares of common stock to Swissair , and repurchased 1.1 million shares for use in a company employee stock ownership plan . " The key to Delta 's record earnings continued to be excellent passenger revenue growth , " said Thomas Roeck , chief financial officer . Passenger traffic jumped 14 % in the quarter , while profit per passenger grew 2 % . Separately , America West Airlines , Phoenix , Ariz. ,  reported third - quarter profit jumped 45 % to $ 5.8 million , or 28 cents a share , from $ 4 million , or 24 cents a share , a year earlier . The latest results include a $ 2.6 million one - time payment from a " foreign entity . " America West would n't identify the entity , but said the payment was for the foreign company 's use of certain tax benefits in connection with America West plane purchases . Year - earlier results included an extraordinary gain of $ 1.6 million from a buy - back of convertible subordinated debentures . 	answer: negative
event: the foreign ministers of the three countries sign the documents of accession to the alliance starts after Albright who fled just after the Communist takeover in 1948 story: The North Atlantic Treaty Organization embraced three of its former rivals , the Czech Republic , Hungary and Poland on Friday , formally ending the Soviet domination of those nations that began after World War II and opening a new path for the military alliance . In Poland , Hungary and the Czech Republic , the moment was marked by small - scale public celebrations . Albright also used her speech to articulate a forward - looking vision for NATO , which will celebrate its 50th anniversary in Washington next month , and to defend NATO 's potential involvement in Kosovo . ` ` Accession to NATO is a guarantee that we will never again become powerless victims of any foreign aggression , ' ' Kavan said . ` ` We shall prove that new members can indeed add to the weight of the alliance , ' ' he said . The location for Friday 's ceremony was chosen by Albright , who as secretary of state is the depository of NATO 's accession accords . The alliance has expanded three times before , adding Greece and Turkey in 1952 , West Germany in 1955 and Spain in 1982 . The Clinton administration embarked on the expansion of NATO in 1993 after Clinton met in Washington with President Havel and Lech Walesa , who was then the president of Poland . Romania and Slovenia , which had tried hard to meet the standards , were turned away , at least for the time being . Then Martonyi replied : ` ` Silence is your answer . ' ' 	answer: positive
event: the foreign ministers of the three countries sign the documents of accession to the alliance starts before Albright who fled just after the Communist takeover in 1948 story: The North Atlantic Treaty Organization embraced three of its former rivals , the Czech Republic , Hungary and Poland on Friday , formally ending the Soviet domination of those nations that began after World War II and opening a new path for the military alliance . In Poland , Hungary and the Czech Republic , the moment was marked by small - scale public celebrations . Albright also used her speech to articulate a forward - looking vision for NATO , which will celebrate its 50th anniversary in Washington next month , and to defend NATO 's potential involvement in Kosovo . ` ` Accession to NATO is a guarantee that we will never again become powerless victims of any foreign aggression , ' ' Kavan said . ` ` We shall prove that new members can indeed add to the weight of the alliance , ' ' he said . The location for Friday 's ceremony was chosen by Albright , who as secretary of state is the depository of NATO 's accession accords . The alliance has expanded three times before , adding Greece and Turkey in 1952 , West Germany in 1955 and Spain in 1982 . The Clinton administration embarked on the expansion of NATO in 1993 after Clinton met in Washington with President Havel and Lech Walesa , who was then the president of Poland . Romania and Slovenia , which had tried hard to meet the standards , were turned away , at least for the time being . Then Martonyi replied : ` ` Silence is your answer . ' ' 	answer: negative
event: The monarch will meet Bush on Thursday in Kennebunkport , Maine starts after said to be carrying story: The U.S. military buildup in Saudi Arabia continued at fever pace , with Syrian troops now part of a multinational force camped out in the desert to guard the Saudi kingdom from any new thrust by Iraq . In a letter to President Hashemi Rafsanjani of Iran , read by a broadcaster over Baghdad radio , Saddam said he will begin withdrawing troops from Iranian territory on Friday and release Iranian prisoners of war . The move seemed aimed at heading off more trouble with Iran , which had condemned Iraq 's invasion of Kuwait on Aug. 2 but also criticized the multinational force dispatched to Saudi Arabia . The outlook darkened for about 3,000 Americans caught in Iraq and Kuwait when Saddam sent his forces into the small , oil - rich sultanate . Iraq has agreed to allow all 880 Soviets in Kuwait to leave , but only by a 1,200-mile road route through Iraq and to the Iraq - Jordan border . Banks remained closed . Iraq has control of 20 percent of the world 's oil reserves . Egyptian and Moroccan troops are already there . Bush , however , says he sees no short - term hope for a diplomatic solution to the gulf crisis Bush held out the prospect of more aid to Jordan if it cooperates with the trade embargo . The embargo is meant to cripple Iraq by cutting off its exports of oil and imports of food and military supplies . Bush told a news conference on Tuesday that the naval barricade now in force might be extended to Jordan 's Aqaba ` ` if it is a hole through which commerce flows ' ' in and out of Iraq . 	answer: positive
event: The monarch will meet Bush on Thursday in Kennebunkport , Maine starts before said to be carrying story: The U.S. military buildup in Saudi Arabia continued at fever pace , with Syrian troops now part of a multinational force camped out in the desert to guard the Saudi kingdom from any new thrust by Iraq . In a letter to President Hashemi Rafsanjani of Iran , read by a broadcaster over Baghdad radio , Saddam said he will begin withdrawing troops from Iranian territory on Friday and release Iranian prisoners of war . The move seemed aimed at heading off more trouble with Iran , which had condemned Iraq 's invasion of Kuwait on Aug. 2 but also criticized the multinational force dispatched to Saudi Arabia . The outlook darkened for about 3,000 Americans caught in Iraq and Kuwait when Saddam sent his forces into the small , oil - rich sultanate . Iraq has agreed to allow all 880 Soviets in Kuwait to leave , but only by a 1,200-mile road route through Iraq and to the Iraq - Jordan border . Banks remained closed . Iraq has control of 20 percent of the world 's oil reserves . Egyptian and Moroccan troops are already there . Bush , however , says he sees no short - term hope for a diplomatic solution to the gulf crisis Bush held out the prospect of more aid to Jordan if it cooperates with the trade embargo . The embargo is meant to cripple Iraq by cutting off its exports of oil and imports of food and military supplies . Bush told a news conference on Tuesday that the naval barricade now in force might be extended to Jordan 's Aqaba ` ` if it is a hole through which commerce flows ' ' in and out of Iraq . 	answer: negative
event: touring Tanzanian capital Dar es Salaam Thursday the FBI chief starts before two more suspects one Arab , one Sudanese who arrested story: NAIROBI , August 21 ( Xinhua ) Louis Freeh said here Friday that U.S. air raid on Afghanistan and Sudan is not directly linked with the probe into the August 7 bombings in east Africa . " " " He said he can not confirm there is any evidence linking the bomb blasts at the U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania to the Saudi millionaire and the allegedly main sponsor of anti - U.S. terrorism , Osama Bin Laden , who now lives in Afghanistan . " Hundreds of people have been interviewed " and investigators probably have to take quite a long time to compile evidence in the two bomb blasts so as to reach any conclusion , he said . Freeh flew to Washington immediately after the press conference . After  touring Tanzanian capital Dar es Salaam Thursday and meeting with Kenyan police leaders Friday morning , the FBI chief also said that he is very satisfied with the close and effective cooperation among the FBI agents and the police in Kenya and Tanzania . The man who hurled a grenade at security guards at the U.S. embassy here seconds before the bomb exploded was positively identified Thursday as two more suspects -- one Arab , one Sudanese -- who had been  arrested , Kenya 's national newspapers reported Friday . The car bomb attack at the U.S. embassy in Nairobi killed 253 people and injured 5,000 others . A nearly simultaneous car bombing outside the U.S. embassy in Tanzania killed 10 people and wounded about 70 others . Earlier , the U.S. 's demand for Laden 's extradition from Afghanistan has been refused by the Taliban government . 	answer: positive
event: touring Tanzanian capital Dar es Salaam Thursday the FBI chief starts after two more suspects one Arab , one Sudanese who arrested story: NAIROBI , August 21 ( Xinhua ) Louis Freeh said here Friday that U.S. air raid on Afghanistan and Sudan is not directly linked with the probe into the August 7 bombings in east Africa . " " " He said he can not confirm there is any evidence linking the bomb blasts at the U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania to the Saudi millionaire and the allegedly main sponsor of anti - U.S. terrorism , Osama Bin Laden , who now lives in Afghanistan . " Hundreds of people have been interviewed " and investigators probably have to take quite a long time to compile evidence in the two bomb blasts so as to reach any conclusion , he said . Freeh flew to Washington immediately after the press conference . After  touring Tanzanian capital Dar es Salaam Thursday and meeting with Kenyan police leaders Friday morning , the FBI chief also said that he is very satisfied with the close and effective cooperation among the FBI agents and the police in Kenya and Tanzania . The man who hurled a grenade at security guards at the U.S. embassy here seconds before the bomb exploded was positively identified Thursday as two more suspects -- one Arab , one Sudanese -- who had been  arrested , Kenya 's national newspapers reported Friday . The car bomb attack at the U.S. embassy in Nairobi killed 253 people and injured 5,000 others . A nearly simultaneous car bombing outside the U.S. embassy in Tanzania killed 10 people and wounded about 70 others . Earlier , the U.S. 's demand for Laden 's extradition from Afghanistan has been refused by the Taliban government . 	answer: negative
event: a vision he called a cliche starts after Lazaro Rafael Munero who apparently organized the ill - fated journey on which Elian 's mother Elisabeth Brotons and 10 other people -- including Munero -- died story: ` ` The mother was practically kidnapped along with the boy ' ' to make the late - November trip , Castro said . Tens of thousands of children flooded Havana 's Plaza of the Revolution to deliver a dual homage to Marti and Elian , the 6-year - old Cuban whose rescue off Florida 's coast two months ago set off a tug - of - war between relatives living on both sides of the Florida Straits . Wearing their red Communist Pioneer neckerchiefs , a string of young boys and girls recited poems they wrote for Elian , dubbed Cuba 's ` ` boy hero ' ' and ` ` symbolic child , ' ' and for Marti , commonly known on the island as Cuba 's ` ` teacher ' ' and ` ` apostle . ' ' The Communist Party daily Granma compared Elian with revolutionary icon Ernesto ` ` Che ' ' Guevara and said the boy ` ` has been converted forever into a symbol of the crimes and injustices that imperialism is capable of committing against an innocent . ' The commemorations were similar to those held here annually for Marti , the revolutionary and poet who fought for Cuba 's independence from Spain in 1898 . But Elian 's paternal great - uncle in the United States , backed by the anti - Castro Cuban American National Foundation , is fighting in the courts to keep the boy in Miami . He repeated charges that his relatives and others in Miami had offered him money to stay in the United States with his son . ' 	answer: positive
event: a vision he called a cliche starts before Lazaro Rafael Munero who apparently organized the ill - fated journey on which Elian 's mother Elisabeth Brotons and 10 other people -- including Munero -- died story: ` ` The mother was practically kidnapped along with the boy ' ' to make the late - November trip , Castro said . Tens of thousands of children flooded Havana 's Plaza of the Revolution to deliver a dual homage to Marti and Elian , the 6-year - old Cuban whose rescue off Florida 's coast two months ago set off a tug - of - war between relatives living on both sides of the Florida Straits . Wearing their red Communist Pioneer neckerchiefs , a string of young boys and girls recited poems they wrote for Elian , dubbed Cuba 's ` ` boy hero ' ' and ` ` symbolic child , ' ' and for Marti , commonly known on the island as Cuba 's ` ` teacher ' ' and ` ` apostle . ' ' The Communist Party daily Granma compared Elian with revolutionary icon Ernesto ` ` Che ' ' Guevara and said the boy ` ` has been converted forever into a symbol of the crimes and injustices that imperialism is capable of committing against an innocent . ' The commemorations were similar to those held here annually for Marti , the revolutionary and poet who fought for Cuba 's independence from Spain in 1898 . But Elian 's paternal great - uncle in the United States , backed by the anti - Castro Cuban American National Foundation , is fighting in the courts to keep the boy in Miami . He repeated charges that his relatives and others in Miami had offered him money to stay in the United States with his son . ' 	answer: negative
event: Some analysts said Courtaulds ' moves could boost the company 's value by 5 % to 10 % , because the two entities separately will carry a higher price earnings multiple than they did combined starts before they combined story: Courtaulds PLC announced plans to spin off its textiles operations to existing shareholders in a restructuring to boost shareholder value . The British chemical and textile company 's plan , which requires shareholder approval , would create a new , listed U.K. stock with a probable market capitalization between # 300 million ( $ 473 million ) and # 400 million , analysts said . Investors welcomed the move . Courtaulds ' shares rose 15 pence to 362 pence , valuing the entire company at about # 1.44 billion . In addition , Courtaulds said the moves are logical because they will allow both the chemicals and textile businesses to focus more closely on core activities . Courtaulds has been under pressure to enhance shareholder value since takeover speculators -- including Australian financier Kerry Packer -- surfaced holding small stakes last year . Though Mr. Packer has since sold his stake , Courtaulds is moving to keep its institutional shareholders happy . Even without a specific takeover threat , Courtaulds is giving shareholders " choice and value , " said Julia Blake , an analyst at London stockbrokers Barclays de Zoete Wedd . In a statement , the company said : " Both parts can only realize their full potential and be appropriately valued by the market if they are separately quoted companies . The sharper definition and the autonomy which each will thereby gain will benefit shareholders , customers and employees . " Courtaulds Chairman and Chief Executive Sir Christopher Hogg will remain in both posts at the surviving chemical company after the spinoff . 	answer: positive
event: Some analysts said Courtaulds ' moves could boost the company 's value by 5 % to 10 % , because the two entities separately will carry a higher price earnings multiple than they did combined starts after they combined story: Courtaulds PLC announced plans to spin off its textiles operations to existing shareholders in a restructuring to boost shareholder value . The British chemical and textile company 's plan , which requires shareholder approval , would create a new , listed U.K. stock with a probable market capitalization between # 300 million ( $ 473 million ) and # 400 million , analysts said . Investors welcomed the move . Courtaulds ' shares rose 15 pence to 362 pence , valuing the entire company at about # 1.44 billion . In addition , Courtaulds said the moves are logical because they will allow both the chemicals and textile businesses to focus more closely on core activities . Courtaulds has been under pressure to enhance shareholder value since takeover speculators -- including Australian financier Kerry Packer -- surfaced holding small stakes last year . Though Mr. Packer has since sold his stake , Courtaulds is moving to keep its institutional shareholders happy . Even without a specific takeover threat , Courtaulds is giving shareholders " choice and value , " said Julia Blake , an analyst at London stockbrokers Barclays de Zoete Wedd . In a statement , the company said : " Both parts can only realize their full potential and be appropriately valued by the market if they are separately quoted companies . The sharper definition and the autonomy which each will thereby gain will benefit shareholders , customers and employees . " Courtaulds Chairman and Chief Executive Sir Christopher Hogg will remain in both posts at the surviving chemical company after the spinoff . 	answer: negative
event: that buried in the ground more than 50 feet from a tree where police believe the sniper stood and fired starts after where the sniper stood story: The first round of DNA tests on the hair at the FBI Laboratory here established a high probability it came from the same person as a hair found in a New Jersey home where James C. Kopp , a 44-year - old anti - abortion protester , lived last year , the official said . The first DNA tests did not exclude a match between the two strands . The search for Kopp was recently extended to Mexico . This more extensive set of tests could enable officials to declare an absolute match between the two hair strands , the first law enforcement official said . ` ` Ultimately , we would need to have a hair taken directly from Kopp himself to establish conclusively the hair from scene is his , ' ' the official added . The official said the hair was in a cap that authorities found very near the location from which the sniper is thought to have fired the rifle bullet that killed Slepian as he stood in the kitchen of his home in the Buffalo suburb of Amherst , N.Y. But The Buffalo News reported Friday that the hair was in a packet , with at least two bullets , that was found  buried in the ground more than 50 feet from a tree where police believe the sniper  stood and fired . Last week , FBI Director Louis Freeh , on an official visit to Mexico , asked Mexican authorities to join the hunt for Kopp , federal officials have said . Kopp 's 1987 Chevrolet Cavalier was discovered last month at Newark , N.J. , International Airport , the FBI said . 	answer: positive
event: that buried in the ground more than 50 feet from a tree where police believe the sniper stood and fired starts before where the sniper stood story: The first round of DNA tests on the hair at the FBI Laboratory here established a high probability it came from the same person as a hair found in a New Jersey home where James C. Kopp , a 44-year - old anti - abortion protester , lived last year , the official said . The first DNA tests did not exclude a match between the two strands . The search for Kopp was recently extended to Mexico . This more extensive set of tests could enable officials to declare an absolute match between the two hair strands , the first law enforcement official said . ` ` Ultimately , we would need to have a hair taken directly from Kopp himself to establish conclusively the hair from scene is his , ' ' the official added . The official said the hair was in a cap that authorities found very near the location from which the sniper is thought to have fired the rifle bullet that killed Slepian as he stood in the kitchen of his home in the Buffalo suburb of Amherst , N.Y. But The Buffalo News reported Friday that the hair was in a packet , with at least two bullets , that was found  buried in the ground more than 50 feet from a tree where police believe the sniper  stood and fired . Last week , FBI Director Louis Freeh , on an official visit to Mexico , asked Mexican authorities to join the hunt for Kopp , federal officials have said . Kopp 's 1987 Chevrolet Cavalier was discovered last month at Newark , N.J. , International Airport , the FBI said . 	answer: negative
event: a disparaging term the government frequently uses to describe Miami 's exile Cuban community starts before the government describe Miami 's exile Cuban community story: Elian could be forced to stay longer if the Miami relatives who are seeking asylum for the child over his Cuban father 's objections pursue further appeals . The Miami relatives could also request a rehearing before the same three - judge panel that issued Thursday 's ruling , or before the entire 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeal . Clinton said in a written statement issued from Berlin . Elian 's father asked his Miami relatives to end their court battle after Thursday 's ruling and allow him to finally return home with his son . ` ` A child should simply be with his parents , always his parents , ' ' the elder Gonzalez said through an interpreter . Switching to English , he said , ` ` I want to thank the American people . Elian 's mother and 10 others died , but the boy survived by clinging to an inner tube . The Miami relatives appealed that decision , and obtained an injunction requiring Elian to remain in the United States until the asylum question worked its way through the courts . The family refused , and federal agents took the child by force in a pre - dawn raid on the Miami relatives ' home on April 22 . Protesters were beginning to gather outside the Miami relatives ' home even before the ruling was issued . Jose Basulto , founder of Brothers to the Rescue , a Cuban exile group that frequently rescues Cuban refugees from the Straits of Florida , called the latest ruling ` ` outrageous . ' ' ` ` The saga of Elian Gonzalez is a turning point in relations in the Cuban community and the United States , ' ' 	answer: positive
event: a disparaging term the government frequently uses to describe Miami 's exile Cuban community starts after the government describe Miami 's exile Cuban community story: Elian could be forced to stay longer if the Miami relatives who are seeking asylum for the child over his Cuban father 's objections pursue further appeals . The Miami relatives could also request a rehearing before the same three - judge panel that issued Thursday 's ruling , or before the entire 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeal . Clinton said in a written statement issued from Berlin . Elian 's father asked his Miami relatives to end their court battle after Thursday 's ruling and allow him to finally return home with his son . ` ` A child should simply be with his parents , always his parents , ' ' the elder Gonzalez said through an interpreter . Switching to English , he said , ` ` I want to thank the American people . Elian 's mother and 10 others died , but the boy survived by clinging to an inner tube . The Miami relatives appealed that decision , and obtained an injunction requiring Elian to remain in the United States until the asylum question worked its way through the courts . The family refused , and federal agents took the child by force in a pre - dawn raid on the Miami relatives ' home on April 22 . Protesters were beginning to gather outside the Miami relatives ' home even before the ruling was issued . Jose Basulto , founder of Brothers to the Rescue , a Cuban exile group that frequently rescues Cuban refugees from the Straits of Florida , called the latest ruling ` ` outrageous . ' ' ` ` The saga of Elian Gonzalez is a turning point in relations in the Cuban community and the United States , ' ' 	answer: negative
event: And just last month an off duty policeman killed when a bomb explodes at another abortion clinic starts after when a bomb explodes at another abortion clinic story: Live from Atalanta , good evening Lynne Russell , CNN headline news . New evidence is suggesting that a series of bombings in Atalanta and last month 's explosion at an Alabama women 's clinic might be related . Atlanta nineteen ninety - six . A bomb blast shocks the Olympic games . One person is killed . January nineteen ninety - seven . Atlanta again . More people are hurt . This man , Eric Rudolph has already been charged in the Birmingham bombing . Now officials are investigating whether , Rudolph , who remains at large , is linked to all three attacks . The reason , authorities have discovered tantalizing new evidence . Steel plates recovered at the Olympic park bombing appear to match those found at the abortion clinic bombing in Atlanta . Those plates may have come from a machine shop in north Carolina , where a friend of Rudolph worked . A senior law enforcement source tells CNN , there is a lot of circumstantial evidence and it would be extraordinary to have all these bits and pieces and there not be a connection . An intense manhunt conducted by the FBI and the bureau of alcohol , tobacco and firearms continues for Rudolph in the wilderness of western north Carolina . And this week , FBI director Louie Freeh assigned more agents to the search . Freeh also ordered the investigation consolidate information under the Atlanta task force , another indication officials suspect a link between all the bombings . Publicly , they are unwilling to make any sweeping assertion . The reason , they remember Richard Jewell . pierre thomas , CNN , Washington . 	answer: positive
event: And just last month an off duty policeman killed when a bomb explodes at another abortion clinic starts before when a bomb explodes at another abortion clinic story: Live from Atalanta , good evening Lynne Russell , CNN headline news . New evidence is suggesting that a series of bombings in Atalanta and last month 's explosion at an Alabama women 's clinic might be related . Atlanta nineteen ninety - six . A bomb blast shocks the Olympic games . One person is killed . January nineteen ninety - seven . Atlanta again . More people are hurt . This man , Eric Rudolph has already been charged in the Birmingham bombing . Now officials are investigating whether , Rudolph , who remains at large , is linked to all three attacks . The reason , authorities have discovered tantalizing new evidence . Steel plates recovered at the Olympic park bombing appear to match those found at the abortion clinic bombing in Atlanta . Those plates may have come from a machine shop in north Carolina , where a friend of Rudolph worked . A senior law enforcement source tells CNN , there is a lot of circumstantial evidence and it would be extraordinary to have all these bits and pieces and there not be a connection . An intense manhunt conducted by the FBI and the bureau of alcohol , tobacco and firearms continues for Rudolph in the wilderness of western north Carolina . And this week , FBI director Louie Freeh assigned more agents to the search . Freeh also ordered the investigation consolidate information under the Atlanta task force , another indication officials suspect a link between all the bombings . Publicly , they are unwilling to make any sweeping assertion . The reason , they remember Richard Jewell . pierre thomas , CNN , Washington . 	answer: negative
event: Britain 's Labor Party positioned to regain control of the government and renew efforts at nationalization starts before British Gas close at 185 pence ( $ 2.90 ) story: It showed some early resilience after central bank support firmed sterling , but the weight of Wall Street late in London trading , and signs of further weakness in the British pound , proved a hefty load to bear . Dealers said the turnover , largely confined to the 100-share index stocks , partly reflected the flurry of activity typical at the close of a two - week trading account and the start of a new account . British Petroleum fell 5 to 286 on 14 million shares traded . Dealers said the multinational oil company was pressured by recent brokerage recommendations urging investors to switch into Shell Trading amp Transport . Among the other actively traded blue - chip issues , Imperial Chemical Industries dropped 11 to # 10.86 , Hanson skidded 9.5 to 200.5 , and British Telecom fell 10 to 250 . In early trading in Tokyo Monday , the Nikkei index fell 148.85 points to 35378.44 . First - section volume was estimated at 1.3 billion shares , up from 886 million shares Thursday . An official at Wako Securities said brokerages ' excessive expectations about recent advances in Tokyu Group shares and real estate issues were dashed Friday . Frankfurt prices closed lower again Friday , the fourth decline in the past five days and the culmination of a week that saw the DAX index lose 4 % . If you take away the outside influences , the market itself looks very cheap . " The British shakeup was widely cited for the declines . Share prices also closed lower in Sydney , Hong Kong , Singapore , Taipei , Manila , Wellington and Seoul . The percentage change is since year - end . 	answer: positive
event: Britain 's Labor Party positioned to regain control of the government and renew efforts at nationalization starts after British Gas close at 185 pence ( $ 2.90 ) story: It showed some early resilience after central bank support firmed sterling , but the weight of Wall Street late in London trading , and signs of further weakness in the British pound , proved a hefty load to bear . Dealers said the turnover , largely confined to the 100-share index stocks , partly reflected the flurry of activity typical at the close of a two - week trading account and the start of a new account . British Petroleum fell 5 to 286 on 14 million shares traded . Dealers said the multinational oil company was pressured by recent brokerage recommendations urging investors to switch into Shell Trading amp Transport . Among the other actively traded blue - chip issues , Imperial Chemical Industries dropped 11 to # 10.86 , Hanson skidded 9.5 to 200.5 , and British Telecom fell 10 to 250 . In early trading in Tokyo Monday , the Nikkei index fell 148.85 points to 35378.44 . First - section volume was estimated at 1.3 billion shares , up from 886 million shares Thursday . An official at Wako Securities said brokerages ' excessive expectations about recent advances in Tokyu Group shares and real estate issues were dashed Friday . Frankfurt prices closed lower again Friday , the fourth decline in the past five days and the culmination of a week that saw the DAX index lose 4 % . If you take away the outside influences , the market itself looks very cheap . " The British shakeup was widely cited for the declines . Share prices also closed lower in Sydney , Hong Kong , Singapore , Taipei , Manila , Wellington and Seoul . The percentage change is since year - end . 	answer: negative
event: President Hussein taking Kuwaiti hostages starts before U.S. and Kuwaiti officials say there are reports that large numbers of civilians from Kuwait City are being rounded up and held by Iraqi troops , apparently either for use as human shields or for use later in bargaining once the war is over story: " Amid reports that thousands of Iraqi soldiers had surrendered , administration aides were also upbeat in private , with one even talking of victory within a week . " Now , he says , " it looks like the West just wants to destroy Iraq . American officials staunchly disavow any interest in driving through Iraq toward Baghdad , either in pursuit of Saddam Hussein himself or to set up some American - controlled government inside Iraq . Indeed , French President Francois Mitterrand said yesterday that some allied forces are crossing Iraqi territory as part of a " pincer " movement to trap the soldiers occupying Kuwait , but insisted , " The purpose is n't to invade Iraqi territory , that 's not the aim , that is n't the mandate . Nevertheless , American officials over the weekend became more open in declaring that by destroying Saddam Hussein 's military machine they hope to destroy his regime -- a goal likely to be supported by most Americans . Fight them , " he urged Iraqis in a radio address . U.S. and Kuwaiti officials  say there are reports that large numbers of civilians from Kuwait City are being rounded up and held by Iraqi troops , apparently either for use as human shields or for use later in bargaining once the war is over . The date was unaffected by the last - ditch Soviet peace initiative . U.S. commanders said 5,500 Iraqi prisoners were taken in the first hours of the ground war , though some military officials later said the total may have climbed above 8,000 . " If that 's true , the narrowing of his support would make it easier for someone to push him aside from within . " 	answer: positive
event: President Hussein taking Kuwaiti hostages starts after U.S. and Kuwaiti officials say there are reports that large numbers of civilians from Kuwait City are being rounded up and held by Iraqi troops , apparently either for use as human shields or for use later in bargaining once the war is over story: " Amid reports that thousands of Iraqi soldiers had surrendered , administration aides were also upbeat in private , with one even talking of victory within a week . " Now , he says , " it looks like the West just wants to destroy Iraq . American officials staunchly disavow any interest in driving through Iraq toward Baghdad , either in pursuit of Saddam Hussein himself or to set up some American - controlled government inside Iraq . Indeed , French President Francois Mitterrand said yesterday that some allied forces are crossing Iraqi territory as part of a " pincer " movement to trap the soldiers occupying Kuwait , but insisted , " The purpose is n't to invade Iraqi territory , that 's not the aim , that is n't the mandate . Nevertheless , American officials over the weekend became more open in declaring that by destroying Saddam Hussein 's military machine they hope to destroy his regime -- a goal likely to be supported by most Americans . Fight them , " he urged Iraqis in a radio address . U.S. and Kuwaiti officials  say there are reports that large numbers of civilians from Kuwait City are being rounded up and held by Iraqi troops , apparently either for use as human shields or for use later in bargaining once the war is over . The date was unaffected by the last - ditch Soviet peace initiative . U.S. commanders said 5,500 Iraqi prisoners were taken in the first hours of the ground war , though some military officials later said the total may have climbed above 8,000 . " If that 's true , the narrowing of his support would make it easier for someone to push him aside from within . " 	answer: negative
event: The Cape Argus newspaper reported today that a Tanzanian man was arrested , and that authorities were searching for accomplices starts after authorities searching for accomplices story: CAPE TOWN , South Africa ( AP ) -- Another man has been arrested in connection with the bombings of U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania last year that killed 224 people , police said today . ` ` I can confirm that an individual was arrested in connection with the embassy bombings and the FBI was involved ' ' in making the arrest , police spokesman Capt . Rod Beer said . Beer said he did not know where the man was being held or any more details . The arrest brought to nine the number of people in custody in connection with the bombings . U.S. authorities scheduled a news conference for later today in New York . The Cape Argus newspaper  reported today that a Tanzanian man was arrested , and that authorities were  searching for accomplices . The Argus quoted immigration official Jurie de Wet as saying the arrests stemmed from information about requests for asylum and temporary residence in Cape Town . The U.S. Embassy in Pretoria had no comment . Seventeen people have been indicted in the case . Eight of those are in custody , but the rest remained fugitives , including Saudi radical Osama bin Laden . It was not immediately known if the arrest announced today stemmed from the indictment . Bin Laden , who is accused of masterminding the attack , is on the FBI 's 10 Most Wanted List . A $ 5 million reward has been offered for his capture . The bombs went off almost simultaneously on Aug. 7 , 1998 at U.S. embassies in Nairobi , Kenya and Dar es Salaam , Tanzania . 	answer: positive
event: The Cape Argus newspaper reported today that a Tanzanian man was arrested , and that authorities were searching for accomplices starts before authorities searching for accomplices story: CAPE TOWN , South Africa ( AP ) -- Another man has been arrested in connection with the bombings of U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania last year that killed 224 people , police said today . ` ` I can confirm that an individual was arrested in connection with the embassy bombings and the FBI was involved ' ' in making the arrest , police spokesman Capt . Rod Beer said . Beer said he did not know where the man was being held or any more details . The arrest brought to nine the number of people in custody in connection with the bombings . U.S. authorities scheduled a news conference for later today in New York . The Cape Argus newspaper  reported today that a Tanzanian man was arrested , and that authorities were  searching for accomplices . The Argus quoted immigration official Jurie de Wet as saying the arrests stemmed from information about requests for asylum and temporary residence in Cape Town . The U.S. Embassy in Pretoria had no comment . Seventeen people have been indicted in the case . Eight of those are in custody , but the rest remained fugitives , including Saudi radical Osama bin Laden . It was not immediately known if the arrest announced today stemmed from the indictment . Bin Laden , who is accused of masterminding the attack , is on the FBI 's 10 Most Wanted List . A $ 5 million reward has been offered for his capture . The bombs went off almost simultaneously on Aug. 7 , 1998 at U.S. embassies in Nairobi , Kenya and Dar es Salaam , Tanzania . 	answer: negative
event: he had no qualms ' ' about implementing the U.N. resolution as long as Israel had ` ` the necessary security safeguards starts before Cabinet minister Michael Eitan said Sunday that Netanyahu 's remarks marked a substantive change in Israel 's position story: _ Top Israeli officials sent strong new signals Sunday that Israel wants to withdraw from southern Lebanon , where a costly war of attrition has been steadily claiming soldiers ' lives . Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu told his Cabinet on Sunday that Israel was willing to withdraw from southern Lebanon provided Israel 's northern frontier could be secured . ` ` If the Lebanese government will cooperate with us in making appropriate security arrangements in south Lebanon , we will be happy to get out of Lebanon in the framework of implementation of U.N. Resolution 425 , ' ' Netanyahu told his ministers . On Friday , Netanyahu said he  had ` ` no qualms ' ' about implementing the U.N. resolution , as long as Israel had ` ` the necessary security safeguards . ' ' Cabinet minister Michael Eitan  said Sunday that Netanyahu 's remarks marked a substantive change in Israel 's position . ` ` We will defend our north from the international border , ' ' said Eitan , the science minister . ` ` No one wants to stay in Lebanon ; thus we think it better to withdraw . ' ' Uri Lubrani , Israel 's top official for Lebanon affairs , also suggested Israel was willing to modify its political goals in Lebanon . ` ` This is a new thing ... it means that we are willing to talk today _ full stop _ about security , ' ' Last week , Hezbollah fighters killed three Israeli soldiers and seriously wounded six others . The Israelis suffered a record 39 deaths in southern Lebanon last year . 	answer: positive
event: he had no qualms ' ' about implementing the U.N. resolution as long as Israel had ` ` the necessary security safeguards starts after Cabinet minister Michael Eitan said Sunday that Netanyahu 's remarks marked a substantive change in Israel 's position story: _ Top Israeli officials sent strong new signals Sunday that Israel wants to withdraw from southern Lebanon , where a costly war of attrition has been steadily claiming soldiers ' lives . Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu told his Cabinet on Sunday that Israel was willing to withdraw from southern Lebanon provided Israel 's northern frontier could be secured . ` ` If the Lebanese government will cooperate with us in making appropriate security arrangements in south Lebanon , we will be happy to get out of Lebanon in the framework of implementation of U.N. Resolution 425 , ' ' Netanyahu told his ministers . On Friday , Netanyahu said he  had ` ` no qualms ' ' about implementing the U.N. resolution , as long as Israel had ` ` the necessary security safeguards . ' ' Cabinet minister Michael Eitan  said Sunday that Netanyahu 's remarks marked a substantive change in Israel 's position . ` ` We will defend our north from the international border , ' ' said Eitan , the science minister . ` ` No one wants to stay in Lebanon ; thus we think it better to withdraw . ' ' Uri Lubrani , Israel 's top official for Lebanon affairs , also suggested Israel was willing to modify its political goals in Lebanon . ` ` This is a new thing ... it means that we are willing to talk today _ full stop _ about security , ' ' Last week , Hezbollah fighters killed three Israeli soldiers and seriously wounded six others . The Israelis suffered a record 39 deaths in southern Lebanon last year . 	answer: negative
event: Gov. Jeb Bush also asked President Clinton to reverse the INS order starts before Reno said she is considering the issues raised in the meeting and the state court action story: About 100 supporters cheered wildly as Elian -- holding the subpoena in front of his face while being held aloft by a relative -- appeared outside the house where he has been staying with relatives . But in Cuba , Elian 's father was angry about Burton 's subpoena . Juan Miguel Gonzalez said during a news conference in his hometown of Cardenas . ' ' A 1996 law named for him and Sen. Jesse Helms , R - N.C. , strengthened the 1959 trade embargo against Cuba . ' Earlier Friday , lawyers filed a petition on behalf of Elian 's great - uncle , Lazaro Gonzalez . In Cuba , meanwhile , tens of thousands of people rallied in a seaside plaza Friday night to demand his return . ` ` I plan to respond as quickly as possible , ' ' she said in a statement . ` ` I believe they followed the law , ' ' ... The rally in Cardenas , Cuba , was marked by songs , tears and personal recollections of Elian . It was the most personal and emotional of many held since early December , when Cuban President Fidel Castro promised mass mobilization until the boy was returned to his father . Gonzalez looked particularly distraught , his eyes red from crying . The black Labrador chased Elian around the yard and playfully nipped at his blue soccer shorts . ` ` Elian tells me he does not want to go back to Cuba , ' ' said Delfin Gonzalez , another of Elian 's great - uncles . 	answer: positive
event: Gov. Jeb Bush also asked President Clinton to reverse the INS order starts after Reno said she is considering the issues raised in the meeting and the state court action story: About 100 supporters cheered wildly as Elian -- holding the subpoena in front of his face while being held aloft by a relative -- appeared outside the house where he has been staying with relatives . But in Cuba , Elian 's father was angry about Burton 's subpoena . Juan Miguel Gonzalez said during a news conference in his hometown of Cardenas . ' ' A 1996 law named for him and Sen. Jesse Helms , R - N.C. , strengthened the 1959 trade embargo against Cuba . ' Earlier Friday , lawyers filed a petition on behalf of Elian 's great - uncle , Lazaro Gonzalez . In Cuba , meanwhile , tens of thousands of people rallied in a seaside plaza Friday night to demand his return . ` ` I plan to respond as quickly as possible , ' ' she said in a statement . ` ` I believe they followed the law , ' ' ... The rally in Cardenas , Cuba , was marked by songs , tears and personal recollections of Elian . It was the most personal and emotional of many held since early December , when Cuban President Fidel Castro promised mass mobilization until the boy was returned to his father . Gonzalez looked particularly distraught , his eyes red from crying . The black Labrador chased Elian around the yard and playfully nipped at his blue soccer shorts . ` ` Elian tells me he does not want to go back to Cuba , ' ' said Delfin Gonzalez , another of Elian 's great - uncles . 	answer: negative
event: James Charles Kopp , 44 , of Vermont seen in the car of a female associate crossing the US border days after a sniper killed Dr. Barnett Slepian in his kitchen starts after an obstetrician who also performed abortions story: The antiabortion activist wanted for questioning in last month 's shooting death of a doctor in a Buffalo suburb may have fled to Mexico , according to a newspaper report . James Charles Kopp , 44 , of Vermont , was  seen in the car of a female associate crossing the US border days after a sniper killed Dr. Barnett Slepian in his kitchen , the Buffalo News reported Friday . Kopp has been the subject of a manhunt following reports that he was spotted in a vehicle near the scene of the Oct. 23 slaying of Slepian , 52 , an obstetrician who also  performed abortions . The FBI says Kopp is wanted as a material witness in the case . Friday , an FBI official said authorities are pursuing more than 400 tips but have not pinned down Kopp 's whereabouts . ` ` In all candor , the FBI does not know where James Kopp is _ period , ' ' said Paul Moskal , a spokesman for the bureau 's Buffalo office . ` ` He 's as likely to be in Boston , Massachusetts , as in Buffalo , New York . ' ' Authorities want to question the unidentified woman who allegedly traveled with Kopp , according to an investigator quoted by the newspaper . ` ` She may have been with Kopp sometime after the murder , ' ' the investigator said . He may have even traveled further into Central America or South America . ' ' The US Justice Department is offering a $ 500,000 reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction of those responsible for Slepian 's slaying . 	answer: positive
event: James Charles Kopp , 44 , of Vermont seen in the car of a female associate crossing the US border days after a sniper killed Dr. Barnett Slepian in his kitchen starts before an obstetrician who also performed abortions story: The antiabortion activist wanted for questioning in last month 's shooting death of a doctor in a Buffalo suburb may have fled to Mexico , according to a newspaper report . James Charles Kopp , 44 , of Vermont , was  seen in the car of a female associate crossing the US border days after a sniper killed Dr. Barnett Slepian in his kitchen , the Buffalo News reported Friday . Kopp has been the subject of a manhunt following reports that he was spotted in a vehicle near the scene of the Oct. 23 slaying of Slepian , 52 , an obstetrician who also  performed abortions . The FBI says Kopp is wanted as a material witness in the case . Friday , an FBI official said authorities are pursuing more than 400 tips but have not pinned down Kopp 's whereabouts . ` ` In all candor , the FBI does not know where James Kopp is _ period , ' ' said Paul Moskal , a spokesman for the bureau 's Buffalo office . ` ` He 's as likely to be in Boston , Massachusetts , as in Buffalo , New York . ' ' Authorities want to question the unidentified woman who allegedly traveled with Kopp , according to an investigator quoted by the newspaper . ` ` She may have been with Kopp sometime after the murder , ' ' the investigator said . He may have even traveled further into Central America or South America . ' ' The US Justice Department is offering a $ 500,000 reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction of those responsible for Slepian 's slaying . 	answer: negative
event: During the third quarter Compaq purchased a former Wang Laboratories manufacturing facility in Stirling , Scotland , which will be used for international service and repair operations starts before the new space will allow Compaq to increase the manufacturing capacity of its plant in Erskine , Scotland story: Compaq Computer Corp. said that its net income rose 51 % in the third quarter , bolstered by unusual gains from its investment in a disk - drive maker and reflecting continued growth in its European operations . Sales increased 36 % to $ 683 million from $ 502 million . The latest quarter 's results , however , included a pretax gain of $ 13.7 million , or 20 cents a share , in the carrying value of the company 's investment in Conner Peripherals Inc. and a $ 7.6 million gain , or 11 cents a share , from the sale of one million Conner shares . Net for the nine months was $ 254 million , or $ 5.94 a share , up 56 % from $ 163 million , or $ 4.06 a share , a year earlier . Sales rose 50 % to $ 2.1 billion from $ 1.4 billion . Net for the year - earlier nine months also included a gain of $ 9.7 million , or 15 cents a share , in the carrying value of the Conner investment . Michael Swavely , president of Compaq 's North America division , attributed the company 's third - quarter performance to continued increases in international sales , which accounted for 43 % of the company 's sales , a 74 % increase from a year earlier . " Over the next couple of years we would not be surprised to see Europe and international { sales } represent 50 % of the company 's revenues , " he said . During the third quarter , Compaq  purchased a former Wang Laboratories manufacturing facility in Stirling , Scotland , which will be used for international service and repair operations . 	answer: positive
event: During the third quarter Compaq purchased a former Wang Laboratories manufacturing facility in Stirling , Scotland , which will be used for international service and repair operations starts after the new space will allow Compaq to increase the manufacturing capacity of its plant in Erskine , Scotland story: Compaq Computer Corp. said that its net income rose 51 % in the third quarter , bolstered by unusual gains from its investment in a disk - drive maker and reflecting continued growth in its European operations . Sales increased 36 % to $ 683 million from $ 502 million . The latest quarter 's results , however , included a pretax gain of $ 13.7 million , or 20 cents a share , in the carrying value of the company 's investment in Conner Peripherals Inc. and a $ 7.6 million gain , or 11 cents a share , from the sale of one million Conner shares . Net for the nine months was $ 254 million , or $ 5.94 a share , up 56 % from $ 163 million , or $ 4.06 a share , a year earlier . Sales rose 50 % to $ 2.1 billion from $ 1.4 billion . Net for the year - earlier nine months also included a gain of $ 9.7 million , or 15 cents a share , in the carrying value of the Conner investment . Michael Swavely , president of Compaq 's North America division , attributed the company 's third - quarter performance to continued increases in international sales , which accounted for 43 % of the company 's sales , a 74 % increase from a year earlier . " Over the next couple of years we would not be surprised to see Europe and international { sales } represent 50 % of the company 's revenues , " he said . During the third quarter , Compaq  purchased a former Wang Laboratories manufacturing facility in Stirling , Scotland , which will be used for international service and repair operations . 	answer: negative
event: a program approved by the company in 1987 starts before Alex Henderson , an analyst at Prudential - Bache Securities , said that while Nashua 's performance this year has been " atrocious , " the company nonetheless is attractive as a " classic breakup candidate because there 's no similarity between its { four } businesses story: Nashua Corp. , rumored a potential takeover target for six months , said that a Dutch company has sought U.S. approval to buy up to 25 % of Nashua 's shares . Nashua , whose major business is selling copiers , facsimile machines and related supplies , said Reiss amp Co. B.V. of the Netherlands filed a request with the Federal Trade Commission under the Hart - Scott - Rodino Act for permission to buy more than $ 15 million of Nashua 's stock but less than 25 % . Previously , an affiliate of Unicorp Canada disclosed a stake of less than 5 % in Nashua , according to Daniel M. Junius , Nashua 's treasurer . But the company has had weak results so far this year , with earnings declining 43 % to $ 13.7 million , or $ 1.43 a share , on a 4 % decline in revenue to $ 713.5 million through the first nine months of the year . " The company said it amended its shareholder rights plan by reducing to 10 % from 20 % the level of ownership by an outsider that would trigger the issuance to other holders of rights to buy additional shares of Nashua common at half price . In addition , the company 's board authorized the purchase of up to an additional one million shares . Under a program  approved by the company in 1987 that did n't specify a share amount , Nashua had purchased 481,000 shares through Sept. 29 . " 	answer: positive
event: a program approved by the company in 1987 starts after Alex Henderson , an analyst at Prudential - Bache Securities , said that while Nashua 's performance this year has been " atrocious , " the company nonetheless is attractive as a " classic breakup candidate because there 's no similarity between its { four } businesses story: Nashua Corp. , rumored a potential takeover target for six months , said that a Dutch company has sought U.S. approval to buy up to 25 % of Nashua 's shares . Nashua , whose major business is selling copiers , facsimile machines and related supplies , said Reiss amp Co. B.V. of the Netherlands filed a request with the Federal Trade Commission under the Hart - Scott - Rodino Act for permission to buy more than $ 15 million of Nashua 's stock but less than 25 % . Previously , an affiliate of Unicorp Canada disclosed a stake of less than 5 % in Nashua , according to Daniel M. Junius , Nashua 's treasurer . But the company has had weak results so far this year , with earnings declining 43 % to $ 13.7 million , or $ 1.43 a share , on a 4 % decline in revenue to $ 713.5 million through the first nine months of the year . " The company said it amended its shareholder rights plan by reducing to 10 % from 20 % the level of ownership by an outsider that would trigger the issuance to other holders of rights to buy additional shares of Nashua common at half price . In addition , the company 's board authorized the purchase of up to an additional one million shares . Under a program  approved by the company in 1987 that did n't specify a share amount , Nashua had purchased 481,000 shares through Sept. 29 . " 	answer: negative
event: Helicopters locate people stranded without food , heat or medicine starts after people stranded without food , heat or medicine story: The lights are out and the heat is off and those vital signs are not likely to change much over the next several days for p- people in parts of the northeastern US and eastern Canada . A powerful ice storm continues to maintain its grip . Yesterday New York governor George Pataki toured five counties that have been declared under a state of emergency . He added one more today . Helicopters are flying over northern New York today trying to  locate people  stranded without food , heat or medicine . In Maine , about a half million people still do n't have power and they 're going to have to live without it for a while . 	answer: positive
event: Helicopters locate people stranded without food , heat or medicine starts before people stranded without food , heat or medicine story: The lights are out and the heat is off and those vital signs are not likely to change much over the next several days for p- people in parts of the northeastern US and eastern Canada . A powerful ice storm continues to maintain its grip . Yesterday New York governor George Pataki toured five counties that have been declared under a state of emergency . He added one more today . Helicopters are flying over northern New York today trying to  locate people  stranded without food , heat or medicine . In Maine , about a half million people still do n't have power and they 're going to have to live without it for a while . 	answer: negative
event: Nhek Bunchhay who closely involved in the search for Howes before having to flee the Cambodian capital after a coup d'etat last year starts before Nhek appeared confident he would find Howes ' remains story: O'SMACH , Cambodia ( AP ) Howes had been working for the Britain - based Mines Advisory Group when he was abducted with his Cambodian interpreter Houn Hourth in March 1996 . ` ` Obviously , it is deeply discouraging for the family after 22 months , but there is no proof of life . ` ` We will continue to do everything we can to establish what has happened . ' ' Thai military officials who monitor Cambodian affairs said privately Thursday that Britain , through its embassies in Thailand and Cambodia , has been pushing hard to resolve the Howes case as the second anniversary of his abduction nears . Nhek Bunchhay , who had been closely  involved in the search for Howes before having to flee the Cambodian capital after a coup d'etat last year ,  appeared confident he would find Howes ' remains . At the time Howes was captured , the Khmer Rouge were a more or less united guerrilla force with more than 10,000 men under arms . But the group began to fall apart in mid-1996 after the defection of one of its top leaders , Ieng Sary . A small hardcore group under Pol Pot continued to hold out at their headquarters at Anlong Veng in northern Cambodia near the Thai border . Ranariddh 's loyalists , including Nhek Bunchhay , his top military commander , went into hiding or fled the capital . His men have held the stronghold _ which is on the border just opposite the Thai province of Surin _ against repeated intense attacks by Hun Sen 's troops . 	answer: positive
event: Nhek Bunchhay who closely involved in the search for Howes before having to flee the Cambodian capital after a coup d'etat last year starts after Nhek appeared confident he would find Howes ' remains story: O'SMACH , Cambodia ( AP ) Howes had been working for the Britain - based Mines Advisory Group when he was abducted with his Cambodian interpreter Houn Hourth in March 1996 . ` ` Obviously , it is deeply discouraging for the family after 22 months , but there is no proof of life . ` ` We will continue to do everything we can to establish what has happened . ' ' Thai military officials who monitor Cambodian affairs said privately Thursday that Britain , through its embassies in Thailand and Cambodia , has been pushing hard to resolve the Howes case as the second anniversary of his abduction nears . Nhek Bunchhay , who had been closely  involved in the search for Howes before having to flee the Cambodian capital after a coup d'etat last year ,  appeared confident he would find Howes ' remains . At the time Howes was captured , the Khmer Rouge were a more or less united guerrilla force with more than 10,000 men under arms . But the group began to fall apart in mid-1996 after the defection of one of its top leaders , Ieng Sary . A small hardcore group under Pol Pot continued to hold out at their headquarters at Anlong Veng in northern Cambodia near the Thai border . Ranariddh 's loyalists , including Nhek Bunchhay , his top military commander , went into hiding or fled the capital . His men have held the stronghold _ which is on the border just opposite the Thai province of Surin _ against repeated intense attacks by Hun Sen 's troops . 	answer: negative
event: where the sniper fired starts after Kopp protesting abortion story: BUFFALO , N.Y. ( AP ) -- Dr. Barnett Slepian , just back from synagogue , was heating soup in his kitchen last fall when he was gunned down with a single shot through a window . Slepian 's killer is still at large . ` ` Today , I 'm here to tell you we have our suspect , ' ' said Bernard Tolbert , special agent - in - charge of the FBI 's Buffalo office . Kopp , 44 , of St. Albans , Vt . , became the subject of an international manhunt in November when he was called a witness in the case . He was charged Thursday in state and federal complaints with second - degree murder and with violating the Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act by using deadly force against an abortion doctor . He was last seen Nov. 3 , the day before authorities issued a material witness warrant in the Slepian shooting in the hope of questioning him . Until Thursday , they had not called Kopp a suspect . Investigators would not divulge the evidence against Kopp but said last month 's discovery of a scope - equipped rifle buried near the Slepian home represented a major breakthrough . Kopp is now the second anti - abortion activist being sought by the FBI as a suspect in a fatal attack . Eric Rudolph has been on the run since the January 1998 bombing of a Birmingham , Ala. , abortion clinic that killed an off - duty police officer and maimed a nurse . He also is charged in three Atlanta attacks , including the 1996 Olympic bombing that killed one person . 	answer: positive
event: where the sniper fired starts before Kopp protesting abortion story: BUFFALO , N.Y. ( AP ) -- Dr. Barnett Slepian , just back from synagogue , was heating soup in his kitchen last fall when he was gunned down with a single shot through a window . Slepian 's killer is still at large . ` ` Today , I 'm here to tell you we have our suspect , ' ' said Bernard Tolbert , special agent - in - charge of the FBI 's Buffalo office . Kopp , 44 , of St. Albans , Vt . , became the subject of an international manhunt in November when he was called a witness in the case . He was charged Thursday in state and federal complaints with second - degree murder and with violating the Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act by using deadly force against an abortion doctor . He was last seen Nov. 3 , the day before authorities issued a material witness warrant in the Slepian shooting in the hope of questioning him . Until Thursday , they had not called Kopp a suspect . Investigators would not divulge the evidence against Kopp but said last month 's discovery of a scope - equipped rifle buried near the Slepian home represented a major breakthrough . Kopp is now the second anti - abortion activist being sought by the FBI as a suspect in a fatal attack . Eric Rudolph has been on the run since the January 1998 bombing of a Birmingham , Ala. , abortion clinic that killed an off - duty police officer and maimed a nurse . He also is charged in three Atlanta attacks , including the 1996 Olympic bombing that killed one person . 	answer: negative
event: patients waiting then starts before in fact um over the years many more patients who are about to die of liver tra- uh without a liver transplant would accumulate story: Under the new guidelines , donor organs will be made available to the sickest people first , wherever they live in the country . The private group that runs the current system , United Network for Organ Sharing , or UNOS , objects to the new regulations . UNOS spokeswoman Donna Henry Wright says the new policy would not necessarily be more fair or effective because allowances are already made for the most needy patients . It 's between two to six days for every one uh of the sickest patients across the country . um So it 's a- Doctor James Burdick , the Professor of Transplant Surgery at Johns Hopkins University Hospital in Baltimore , Maryland , and former President of UNOS , said the current system has evolved over several years and it works well . You may , in a year or two , save a few more lives if you do sickest first . But the number of patients  waiting then begins to increase , um and , in fact , um over the years many more patients who are about to die of liver tra- uh without a liver transplant would  accumulate . If you do the uh alternative extreme , you do n't save as many lives in the early years , by a small fraction . Our system is balanced , it 's right in the middle . And , therefore , it works very well . only four thousand organs become available for transplants . 	answer: positive
event: patients waiting then starts after in fact um over the years many more patients who are about to die of liver tra- uh without a liver transplant would accumulate story: Under the new guidelines , donor organs will be made available to the sickest people first , wherever they live in the country . The private group that runs the current system , United Network for Organ Sharing , or UNOS , objects to the new regulations . UNOS spokeswoman Donna Henry Wright says the new policy would not necessarily be more fair or effective because allowances are already made for the most needy patients . It 's between two to six days for every one uh of the sickest patients across the country . um So it 's a- Doctor James Burdick , the Professor of Transplant Surgery at Johns Hopkins University Hospital in Baltimore , Maryland , and former President of UNOS , said the current system has evolved over several years and it works well . You may , in a year or two , save a few more lives if you do sickest first . But the number of patients  waiting then begins to increase , um and , in fact , um over the years many more patients who are about to die of liver tra- uh without a liver transplant would  accumulate . If you do the uh alternative extreme , you do n't save as many lives in the early years , by a small fraction . Our system is balanced , it 's right in the middle . And , therefore , it works very well . only four thousand organs become available for transplants . 	answer: negative
event: Last week Hezbollah fighters seriously wounded six others starts after The Israelis suffered a record 39 deaths in southern Lebanon last year story: Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu told his Cabinet on Sunday that Israel was willing to withdraw from southern Lebanon provided Israel 's northern frontier could be secured . Netanyahu told his ministers . On Friday , Netanyahu said he had ` ` no qualms ' ' about implementing the U.N. resolution , as long as Israel had ` ` the necessary security safeguards . ' ' Cabinet minister Michael Eitan said Sunday that Netanyahu 's remarks marked a substantive change in Israel 's position . Uri Lubrani , Israel 's top official for Lebanon affairs , also suggested Israel was willing to modify its political goals in Lebanon . ` ` This is a new thing ... Lubrani told Israel 's Channel One . ` ` We have gotten off the issue of peace , off the issue of normalization . ' ' As the death toll in Lebanon has mounted , the Israeli government has been faced with a growing grassroots movement calling for Israel 's unilateral withdrawal from Lebanon . Last week , Hezbollah fighters killed three Israeli soldiers and seriously  wounded six others . The Israelis  suffered a record 39 deaths in southern Lebanon last year . In addition , 73 soldiers were killed en route to Lebanon when two military helicopters crashed last February . Two top aides to Netanyahu , political adviser Uzi Arad and Cabinet Secretary Danny Naveh , left for Europe on Sunday , apparently to investigate the Syrian issue , the newspaper said . Defense Minister Yitzhak Mordechai was the first senior Israeli official to refer to U.N. resolution 425 in a speech six weeks ago , saying at the time he was willing to withdraw troops in exchange for guarantees that Israel would not be attacked . 	answer: positive
event: Last week Hezbollah fighters seriously wounded six others starts before The Israelis suffered a record 39 deaths in southern Lebanon last year story: Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu told his Cabinet on Sunday that Israel was willing to withdraw from southern Lebanon provided Israel 's northern frontier could be secured . Netanyahu told his ministers . On Friday , Netanyahu said he had ` ` no qualms ' ' about implementing the U.N. resolution , as long as Israel had ` ` the necessary security safeguards . ' ' Cabinet minister Michael Eitan said Sunday that Netanyahu 's remarks marked a substantive change in Israel 's position . Uri Lubrani , Israel 's top official for Lebanon affairs , also suggested Israel was willing to modify its political goals in Lebanon . ` ` This is a new thing ... Lubrani told Israel 's Channel One . ` ` We have gotten off the issue of peace , off the issue of normalization . ' ' As the death toll in Lebanon has mounted , the Israeli government has been faced with a growing grassroots movement calling for Israel 's unilateral withdrawal from Lebanon . Last week , Hezbollah fighters killed three Israeli soldiers and seriously  wounded six others . The Israelis  suffered a record 39 deaths in southern Lebanon last year . In addition , 73 soldiers were killed en route to Lebanon when two military helicopters crashed last February . Two top aides to Netanyahu , political adviser Uzi Arad and Cabinet Secretary Danny Naveh , left for Europe on Sunday , apparently to investigate the Syrian issue , the newspaper said . Defense Minister Yitzhak Mordechai was the first senior Israeli official to refer to U.N. resolution 425 in a speech six weeks ago , saying at the time he was willing to withdraw troops in exchange for guarantees that Israel would not be attacked . 	answer: negative
event: Beer said he did not know where the man was being held or any more details starts after The arrest brought to nine the number of people in custody in connection with the bombings story: CAPE TOWN , South Africa ( AP ) -- Another man has been arrested in connection with the bombings of U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania last year that killed 224 people , police said today . ` ` I can confirm that an individual was arrested in connection with the embassy bombings and the FBI was involved ' ' in making the arrest , police spokesman Capt . Rod Beer said . Beer  said he did not know where the man was being held or any more details . The arrest  brought to nine the number of people in custody in connection with the bombings . U.S. authorities scheduled a news conference for later today in New York . The Cape Argus newspaper reported today that a Tanzanian man was arrested , and that authorities were searching for accomplices . The Argus quoted immigration official Jurie de Wet as saying the arrests stemmed from information about requests for asylum and temporary residence in Cape Town . The U.S. Embassy in Pretoria had no comment . Seventeen people have been indicted in the case . Eight of those are in custody , but the rest remained fugitives , including Saudi radical Osama bin Laden . It was not immediately known if the arrest announced today stemmed from the indictment . Bin Laden , who is accused of masterminding the attack , is on the FBI 's 10 Most Wanted List . A $ 5 million reward has been offered for his capture . The bombs went off almost simultaneously on Aug. 7 , 1998 at U.S. embassies in Nairobi , Kenya and Dar es Salaam , Tanzania . 	answer: positive
event: Beer said he did not know where the man was being held or any more details starts before The arrest brought to nine the number of people in custody in connection with the bombings story: CAPE TOWN , South Africa ( AP ) -- Another man has been arrested in connection with the bombings of U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania last year that killed 224 people , police said today . ` ` I can confirm that an individual was arrested in connection with the embassy bombings and the FBI was involved ' ' in making the arrest , police spokesman Capt . Rod Beer said . Beer  said he did not know where the man was being held or any more details . The arrest  brought to nine the number of people in custody in connection with the bombings . U.S. authorities scheduled a news conference for later today in New York . The Cape Argus newspaper reported today that a Tanzanian man was arrested , and that authorities were searching for accomplices . The Argus quoted immigration official Jurie de Wet as saying the arrests stemmed from information about requests for asylum and temporary residence in Cape Town . The U.S. Embassy in Pretoria had no comment . Seventeen people have been indicted in the case . Eight of those are in custody , but the rest remained fugitives , including Saudi radical Osama bin Laden . It was not immediately known if the arrest announced today stemmed from the indictment . Bin Laden , who is accused of masterminding the attack , is on the FBI 's 10 Most Wanted List . A $ 5 million reward has been offered for his capture . The bombs went off almost simultaneously on Aug. 7 , 1998 at U.S. embassies in Nairobi , Kenya and Dar es Salaam , Tanzania . 	answer: negative
event: they obtained a warrant for him as a material witness in the Oct. 23 sniper shooting of Dr. Barnett Slepian , a 52-year - old obstetrician - gynecologist who performed abortions starts after a 52-year - old obstetrician - gynecologist who performed abortions story: WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- Preliminary DNA tests link a missing anti - abortion activist to a strand of hair found near where a sniper shot and killed a Buffalo , N.Y. , doctor who performed abortions , a law enforcement official said Friday . The first round of DNA tests on the hair at the FBI Laboratory here established a high probability it came from the same person as a hair found in a New Jersey home where James C. Kopp , a 44-year - old anti - abortion protester , lived last year , the official said . The first DNA tests did not exclude a match between the two strands . The official said the hair was in a cap that authorities found very near the location from which the sniper is thought to have fired the rifle bullet that killed Slepian as he stood in the kitchen of his home in the Buffalo suburb of Amherst , They believe Kopp was driven to Mexico by a female friend after the shooting , and have a trail of her credit card receipts leading to Mexico , the federal officials have said . Authorities obtained a material - witness arrest warrant for Kopp after they said Kopp 's car was spotted in Amherst in the weeks before Slepian was killed . Kopp 's 1987 Chevrolet Cavalier was discovered last month at Newark , N.J. , International Airport , the FBI said . The car had been in the long - term lot for about two weeks , said Greg Trevor , a spokesman for the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey . 	answer: positive
event: they obtained a warrant for him as a material witness in the Oct. 23 sniper shooting of Dr. Barnett Slepian , a 52-year - old obstetrician - gynecologist who performed abortions starts before a 52-year - old obstetrician - gynecologist who performed abortions story: WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- Preliminary DNA tests link a missing anti - abortion activist to a strand of hair found near where a sniper shot and killed a Buffalo , N.Y. , doctor who performed abortions , a law enforcement official said Friday . The first round of DNA tests on the hair at the FBI Laboratory here established a high probability it came from the same person as a hair found in a New Jersey home where James C. Kopp , a 44-year - old anti - abortion protester , lived last year , the official said . The first DNA tests did not exclude a match between the two strands . The official said the hair was in a cap that authorities found very near the location from which the sniper is thought to have fired the rifle bullet that killed Slepian as he stood in the kitchen of his home in the Buffalo suburb of Amherst , They believe Kopp was driven to Mexico by a female friend after the shooting , and have a trail of her credit card receipts leading to Mexico , the federal officials have said . Authorities obtained a material - witness arrest warrant for Kopp after they said Kopp 's car was spotted in Amherst in the weeks before Slepian was killed . Kopp 's 1987 Chevrolet Cavalier was discovered last month at Newark , N.J. , International Airport , the FBI said . The car had been in the long - term lot for about two weeks , said Greg Trevor , a spokesman for the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey . 	answer: negative
event: those who stayed in Cuba starts before Of those who stayed in Cuba seems the most closely allied with the Cuban government story: The angry crowd rushed at Manuel Gonzalez as he stepped out of Miami 's federal courthouse , shaking fists at him and shouting in Spanish , ` ` communista ' ' and ` ` traitor . ' ' He was thrust into the middle of the swirling Gonzalez family saga when Elian 's father , Juan Miguel , sent a letter to U.S. Attorney Janet Reno asking that his son be moved to Manuel Gonzalez 's home . In a town where expressing even the slightest approval for Cuban President Fidel Castro can prompt threats of physical harm , Manuel Gonzalez filed a motion in federal court asking for custody of Elian so that he could help reunite the boy with his father in Cuba . ' Long before Elian thrust them into the unrelenting glare of the international spotlight , the Gonzalez clan was a typical example of the conflicts and painful separations wrought by the Cuban revolution . Of the nine brothers and sisters of Manuel 's generation , five have come to Miami , while three remain in Cuba and one has passed away . Then came another sister , Georgina , in 1983 , followed by Manuel and Lazaro in 1984 . ` ` Cubans value their families above almost anything , but the post-1959 politics have managed to split thousands of families apart , ' ' he said . The branches of the family regularly talked by telephone and the Miami relatives went back to Cuba for several family reunions . Neither side would say what happened , but when Manuel returned to his house , he was so upset he felt heart palpitations and was taken to a hospital . 	answer: positive
event: those who stayed in Cuba starts after Of those who stayed in Cuba seems the most closely allied with the Cuban government story: The angry crowd rushed at Manuel Gonzalez as he stepped out of Miami 's federal courthouse , shaking fists at him and shouting in Spanish , ` ` communista ' ' and ` ` traitor . ' ' He was thrust into the middle of the swirling Gonzalez family saga when Elian 's father , Juan Miguel , sent a letter to U.S. Attorney Janet Reno asking that his son be moved to Manuel Gonzalez 's home . In a town where expressing even the slightest approval for Cuban President Fidel Castro can prompt threats of physical harm , Manuel Gonzalez filed a motion in federal court asking for custody of Elian so that he could help reunite the boy with his father in Cuba . ' Long before Elian thrust them into the unrelenting glare of the international spotlight , the Gonzalez clan was a typical example of the conflicts and painful separations wrought by the Cuban revolution . Of the nine brothers and sisters of Manuel 's generation , five have come to Miami , while three remain in Cuba and one has passed away . Then came another sister , Georgina , in 1983 , followed by Manuel and Lazaro in 1984 . ` ` Cubans value their families above almost anything , but the post-1959 politics have managed to split thousands of families apart , ' ' he said . The branches of the family regularly talked by telephone and the Miami relatives went back to Cuba for several family reunions . Neither side would say what happened , but when Manuel returned to his house , he was so upset he felt heart palpitations and was taken to a hospital . 	answer: negative
event: The found clinging to an inner tube in the Atlantic last Thanksgiving following a boat wreck that killed his mother and 10 other people starts after The boy clinging to an inner tube in the Atlantic last Thanksgiving following a boat wreck that killed his mother and 10 other people story: Both great - uncles live in Miami . Meantime , the possibility of a meeting between Attorney General Janet Reno and Lazaro Gonzalez 's family reemerged Thursday . Later Thursday , two of Elian 's Miami cousins sought support on Capitol Hill for legislation that would help keep the boy in America . My family is a very close family , ' ' she said . Another cousin , Georgina Cid , said Elian 's father had intended to flee Cuba himself , but was being coerced by the Castro government to stay and make certain statements . She said she and other family members had spoken to Elian 's father by phone both before and after the mother perished . Reno has already met with Lazaro Gonzalez 's lawyer and a Catholic nun from Miami who oppose his return to Cuba , as well as with Elian 's two grandmothers from Cuba , who want him returned . Holder said that INS acted appropriately but ` ` now that we have this new information , we 'll have to look at it , and see , like I said , what steps if any are appropriate . ' ' On Wednesday , Ricardo Alarcon , head of Cuba 's National Assembly and Castro 's key man for U.S.-Cuban relations , said the convictions prove the homes of those uncles are no place for Elian . ` ` Practically everyone surrounding him either has been , or may be in the future , joining the prison system in the U.S. That 's not the best interest of the child , ' ' Alarcon told reporters in Havana . ' Elian 's relatives and other Miami supporters say his mother died to give him freedom . 	answer: positive
event: The found clinging to an inner tube in the Atlantic last Thanksgiving following a boat wreck that killed his mother and 10 other people starts before The boy clinging to an inner tube in the Atlantic last Thanksgiving following a boat wreck that killed his mother and 10 other people story: Both great - uncles live in Miami . Meantime , the possibility of a meeting between Attorney General Janet Reno and Lazaro Gonzalez 's family reemerged Thursday . Later Thursday , two of Elian 's Miami cousins sought support on Capitol Hill for legislation that would help keep the boy in America . My family is a very close family , ' ' she said . Another cousin , Georgina Cid , said Elian 's father had intended to flee Cuba himself , but was being coerced by the Castro government to stay and make certain statements . She said she and other family members had spoken to Elian 's father by phone both before and after the mother perished . Reno has already met with Lazaro Gonzalez 's lawyer and a Catholic nun from Miami who oppose his return to Cuba , as well as with Elian 's two grandmothers from Cuba , who want him returned . Holder said that INS acted appropriately but ` ` now that we have this new information , we 'll have to look at it , and see , like I said , what steps if any are appropriate . ' ' On Wednesday , Ricardo Alarcon , head of Cuba 's National Assembly and Castro 's key man for U.S.-Cuban relations , said the convictions prove the homes of those uncles are no place for Elian . ` ` Practically everyone surrounding him either has been , or may be in the future , joining the prison system in the U.S. That 's not the best interest of the child , ' ' Alarcon told reporters in Havana . ' Elian 's relatives and other Miami supporters say his mother died to give him freedom . 	answer: negative
event: We continue to be very concerned about the mental and psychological well - being of this 6-year - old starts before We continue to be very concerned about the mental and psychological well - being of this 6-year - old said Manny Diaz , one of the family 's attorneys story: With a tense Miami waiting , federal immigration officials said Monday they will order the Miami relatives of 6-year - old Cuban rafter Elian Gonzalez to turn the boy over to his father , who could come to the U.S. from Cuba as early as Tuesday . Late Monday , U.S. State Department officials said that travel visas had been approved for Elian 's father , Juan Miguel Gonzalez , his immediate family and three other people _ a pediatrician , a psychologist and one of Elian 's favorite cousins . ` ` We  continue to be very concerned about the mental and psychological well - being of this 6-year - old , ' '  said Manny Diaz , one of the family 's attorneys . It was not clear whether the Gonzalez family would come to Miami to get Elian or if instead they would travel to Washington , Federal officials placed him with his Miami relatives , but kept custody over him . Legal experts and federal officials maintain that Reno can allow the boy to be sent back to Cuba before the appeal is heard . Previously , Gonzalez had said he would never come here to get his son . But by Monday , federal officials hardened their negotiating stance , insisting the boy would be turned over to his father once the Cuban group arrives in the United States . Moves to keep Elian in this country through federal legislation appear to be stymied , as most lawmakers seem to agree the boy should go back to Cuba . A new ABC News - Washington Post opinion poll shows that 6 of 10 Americans also believe the boy should go home with his father . 	answer: positive
event: We continue to be very concerned about the mental and psychological well - being of this 6-year - old starts after We continue to be very concerned about the mental and psychological well - being of this 6-year - old said Manny Diaz , one of the family 's attorneys story: With a tense Miami waiting , federal immigration officials said Monday they will order the Miami relatives of 6-year - old Cuban rafter Elian Gonzalez to turn the boy over to his father , who could come to the U.S. from Cuba as early as Tuesday . Late Monday , U.S. State Department officials said that travel visas had been approved for Elian 's father , Juan Miguel Gonzalez , his immediate family and three other people _ a pediatrician , a psychologist and one of Elian 's favorite cousins . ` ` We  continue to be very concerned about the mental and psychological well - being of this 6-year - old , ' '  said Manny Diaz , one of the family 's attorneys . It was not clear whether the Gonzalez family would come to Miami to get Elian or if instead they would travel to Washington , Federal officials placed him with his Miami relatives , but kept custody over him . Legal experts and federal officials maintain that Reno can allow the boy to be sent back to Cuba before the appeal is heard . Previously , Gonzalez had said he would never come here to get his son . But by Monday , federal officials hardened their negotiating stance , insisting the boy would be turned over to his father once the Cuban group arrives in the United States . Moves to keep Elian in this country through federal legislation appear to be stymied , as most lawmakers seem to agree the boy should go back to Cuba . A new ABC News - Washington Post opinion poll shows that 6 of 10 Americans also believe the boy should go home with his father . 	answer: negative
event: Terms call for First Security to issue about 0.55 share of its stock for each Deseret share held , or a total of about 550,000 First Security shares starts after It has about 12.3 million shares outstanding story: First Security Corp. said it tentatively agreed to acquire Deseret Bancorp . for stock valued at about $ 18 million . Terms  call for First Security to issue about 0.55 share of its stock for each Deseret share held , or a total of about 550,000 First Security shares . It  has about 12.3 million shares outstanding . Deseret , with about $ 100 million in assets , is the parent of the Deseret Bank , which has six offices and headquarters at Pleasant Grove , Utah . The purchase price is equal to about 1.65 times Deseret 's roughly $ 10.7 million book value , or assets less liabilities . Salt Lake City - based First Security , with $ 5.4 billion in assets , said the agreement is subject to shareholder and regulatory approval , and that it hopes to complete the transaction early next year . 	answer: positive
event: Terms call for First Security to issue about 0.55 share of its stock for each Deseret share held , or a total of about 550,000 First Security shares starts before It has about 12.3 million shares outstanding story: First Security Corp. said it tentatively agreed to acquire Deseret Bancorp . for stock valued at about $ 18 million . Terms  call for First Security to issue about 0.55 share of its stock for each Deseret share held , or a total of about 550,000 First Security shares . It  has about 12.3 million shares outstanding . Deseret , with about $ 100 million in assets , is the parent of the Deseret Bank , which has six offices and headquarters at Pleasant Grove , Utah . The purchase price is equal to about 1.65 times Deseret 's roughly $ 10.7 million book value , or assets less liabilities . Salt Lake City - based First Security , with $ 5.4 billion in assets , said the agreement is subject to shareholder and regulatory approval , and that it hopes to complete the transaction early next year . 	answer: negative
event: A 1996 law named for him and Sen. Jesse Helms , R - N.C. , strengthened the 1959 trade embargo against Cuba starts before Committee sources who spoke on the condition of anonymity said that while the subpoena requires that Elian attend the hearing in Washington , it 's highly unlikely that his actual appearance will be sought story: MIAMI ( AP ) -- Rep. Dan Burton , R - Ind . , said he subpoenaed 6-year - old Elian to testify before the Committee on Government Reform on Feb. 10 , so he remains in the country while the courts consider his case . But in Cuba , Elian 's father was angry about Burton 's subpoena . ` ` I am the father of Elian and immigration has said that I am the only one who can speak for him ` ` Why should it be delayed ? Who is he ? I am the father . ' The decision touched off protests in the Cuban - American community . A 1996 law named for him and Sen. Jesse Helms , R - N.C. ,  strengthened the 1959 trade embargo against Cuba . In Cuba , meanwhile , tens of thousands of people rallied in a seaside plaza Friday night to demand his return . ` ` Elian , Cardenas awaits you ... with kisses , ' ' a Cuban country music band sang . Gov. Jeb Bush also asked President Clinton to reverse the INS order . However , the Cuban exile community called for more civil disobedience . Two men carried a banner that said ` ` President Clinton , Please keep Elian in the United States . ' ' The rally in Cardenas , Cuba , was marked by songs , tears and personal recollections of Elian . During the day Friday , Elian played in his relatives ' yard with a puppy named Dolphin , a gift from Rep. Lincoln Diaz - Balart , R - Fla . The black Labrador chased Elian around the yard and playfully nipped at his blue soccer shorts . 	answer: positive
event: A 1996 law named for him and Sen. Jesse Helms , R - N.C. , strengthened the 1959 trade embargo against Cuba starts after Committee sources who spoke on the condition of anonymity said that while the subpoena requires that Elian attend the hearing in Washington , it 's highly unlikely that his actual appearance will be sought story: MIAMI ( AP ) -- Rep. Dan Burton , R - Ind . , said he subpoenaed 6-year - old Elian to testify before the Committee on Government Reform on Feb. 10 , so he remains in the country while the courts consider his case . But in Cuba , Elian 's father was angry about Burton 's subpoena . ` ` I am the father of Elian and immigration has said that I am the only one who can speak for him ` ` Why should it be delayed ? Who is he ? I am the father . ' The decision touched off protests in the Cuban - American community . A 1996 law named for him and Sen. Jesse Helms , R - N.C. ,  strengthened the 1959 trade embargo against Cuba . In Cuba , meanwhile , tens of thousands of people rallied in a seaside plaza Friday night to demand his return . ` ` Elian , Cardenas awaits you ... with kisses , ' ' a Cuban country music band sang . Gov. Jeb Bush also asked President Clinton to reverse the INS order . However , the Cuban exile community called for more civil disobedience . Two men carried a banner that said ` ` President Clinton , Please keep Elian in the United States . ' ' The rally in Cardenas , Cuba , was marked by songs , tears and personal recollections of Elian . During the day Friday , Elian played in his relatives ' yard with a puppy named Dolphin , a gift from Rep. Lincoln Diaz - Balart , R - Fla . The black Labrador chased Elian around the yard and playfully nipped at his blue soccer shorts . 	answer: negative
